Pitter patter,
The raindrops shimmer across the surface.
Cold, so cold,
It's snowing on Mt. Fuji.
Oh this is quite neat.
What a wonderful channel.
This is a haiku
Waiting patiently,
 surrounded by monkeys,
I want to go home
College
All are but monkeys,
In the clothing of a saint,
And each saint a monkey,
In the clothing of itself.
Shimmering souls sailing towards the sunset
Dancing dreams drooling on their desks
Telling tales of life's troubles
Where is my professor
I wanna hear a poem
I wanna learn something I didn’t know
I wanna say "yes" at the end, because I'm sick of saying "so?"

I wanna hear a poem about who you are
And what you think
And why you slam
Not a poem about me and my poem
Because I know who I am

I wanna hear a love poem
A sad poem
An "I hate my dad" poem
A dream poem
An "I'm not what I seem" poem
An "I need" poem
An "I also bleed" poem
An "I'm alone" poem
An "I can't find my home" poem
I just wanna hear a poem

I wanna hear a poem about revolution
About fists raised high
And hips twisting in a rumble like a rumba
I wanna follow the footsteps of Chè
And hear the truth about the day the CIA killed Lumumba

I wanna hear a poem about struggle
So that when I open my mouth, I can step outside myself
I wanna listen to no less than the sounds of protest
In the factories where workers sweat and make Air Jordans and Pro-Keds because
If you wanna take shots at people
Target Phil Knight and Bill Gates
Contemplate how
They own the products
And they got the goods
How they act like they care
But they're just Robin Hoods

I wanna hear a poem where ideas kiss similes so deeply that metaphors get jealous
Where the subject matters so much that adjectives start holding pro-noun rallies at city hall

Because I wanna hear a poem that attacks the status quo
That attracts the claps of the cats with the fattest flows
That makes the crowd pass the hat
And pack my cap with a stack of dough
I wanna hear a poem that makes this audience yell “hoooo!” (hoooo!)

Because I wanna guess your favorite color
Then craft rhyme schemes out of thin air
I wanna hear a poem about why the statute of limitations for rape is only five years
I wanna hear a poem
I wanna feel a poem
I wanna taste a poem
Give me your spot on the mic if you wanna waste a poem

I wanna
Hear
A poem
I'm pissed.
^Actually a really neat slam poem by Steve Colman
Yeah, I'm reading it. Pretty powerful stuff.
@a ghost with purpose we had to memorize and recite this for one of my speaking exercises
i fucking nailed it
👏 👏 👏
I wanna hear a poem
Happy friends
Everywhere around me
Long day full of fun
Playing alot
Many leave now
Enticed by bed
🐌 🍋
**_AAGGHHHHH_**,
**_AAGGHHH_**?
**_AAGGHHHH_**...
It's **_AAGGHHH_**ing on Mt. Fuji
oooh, how avant garde
keeping good company
Adventuring with friends
forgetting all troubles

...
Screen goes dark
I'm alone in my room

....
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Omae wa
Mou shinderu
^ yes
Find a penny pick it up
I put that penny in a cup
now I got a penny in a cup
now who's the chump
Bubba Gump
I'm gonna blow everyone up
sticks and stones may break my bones
my friends are dead
Sticks and stones may break my bones
But words cause immeasurable psychological damage
I, I I I, I < I == I << I AM,
I I, UII I, I
AGH
*fin*
Do not stand at my grave and weep
I am not there. I do not sleep.
I am a thousand winds that blow.
I am the diamond glints on snow.
I am the sunlight on ripened grain.
I am the gentle autumn rain.
When you awaken in the morning's hush
I am the swift uplifting rush
Of quiet birds in circled flight.
I am the soft stars that shine at night.
Do not stand at my grave and cry;
I am not there. I did not die.
- Misaka Mikoto
the older you get
the more you realize that life
is like minecraft
i queue up
i play my best
i leave my soul behind
i queue up again
"A recent New Yorker cartoon summed up these recent anxieties: Two grown-ups face a child in a wall of solidarity, explaining, “We’re neither software nor hardware. We’re your parents.” This cartoon reminds me of a statement someone I interviewed once made about simulation and authenticity: “Simulated thinking can be thinking, but simulated feeling can never be feeling. Simulated love is never love.” The more we manipulate ourselves and the more our artifacts seek pride of place beside us as social and psychological equals, the more we find the issue of authenticity confronting us. Authenticity is becoming to us what sex was to the Victorians—an object of threat and obsession, of taboo and fascination."
@timlives  bitch im gona overlord u tonight dont forget
hot
_I do not think so--
no worries.
Maybe tomorrow?_

-_**Haiku To Use When Rejecting Current Plans In Favor Of Tomorrow's**_, _by Mannie Singh_
*That is incorrect
The middle line is seven
you only had three*
_Five-Three-Five is too
A valid
Form burger haiku_

-**_Haiku to Use when Teaching Somebody that Haiku Comes in a Variety of Syllable Counts_**, _by Mannie Singh_
*I know it varies a bit
but the middle is always longest
at least that's what I'm told*
There. I fixed my last haiku. It's an English form developed by one John E. Carley in 2001 called "lune."
So it technically wasn't a "Nippon haiku."
*I blame public schools
for pushing false rhetoric
refrigerator*
_yeoui is my favorite hentoy_

_**Another One For the Books, Vol. I**_, _by Mannie Singh_
:GWjianWut:
a poem with no words
the notifications showing the filenames spoiled the surprise
🙁
SAD
Uwu
@timlives come here
this sums up things well
does it count as poetry?
"Curiosity was the straw that killed the camels cat so dont count ur chickens until u put all ur eggs in one basket because a bird in the hand is worth two with one stone and a penny saved is worth 1000 words but early to bed early to rise catches the worm until the fat lady sings"
_AND I *~looked~* to the moon and SAID_
"**AGHHHHHH**"
"**GOODNIGHT MOON**"
@timlives
dude
"the balls of labyton"
@mannie.exe why would you say that at me
Think about that ancient buddhist proverb: After the sacrificing to the almighty Cthulhu, comes the suspicion.
@Demi Tarot
30 minute break!
not baaaaaaad
😭😭
I carbed my first pampkin
slugs made it home/food so
pampkin 2
I’m noticing a trend of unfinished things I post here and honestly I just sadden myself
@timlives
dude
do it
you gotta
I wanna WATERCOLOR IT
Aahhh
But first I sketch I guess
AHHH
You finish the first 80%
Then you finish the _next_ 80%
I LIKE IT
look 👀
sp00ky
I still can’t quite figure out the values yet.
Definitely need to refine the eye sockets and bring some light inside.
@timlives the sketch is technically done now fucc
he
cool pic buddy
Thanks fucker
Have a good day
wow rude
where
oh sorry
fixed
@Demi Tarot
quoi
or
A
B
C
Typical goo talk
Butyoure right
I gonna do it
Another one
Also goon*
A, I guess, since Jerk o Lanterns usually have light from the inside so the teefy bits would be less dark
Okay but imagine the circle that’s peeking in the corner is the light source sorta
Ya see?
It’s unlitteroni
More like jack o not
sometimes there can be two light sources ( '^')v
yeah true
This particular version I wanna recreate in water color, and it’s unlit except externally
@timlives
catch a groove
man
@a ghost with purpose as well ^
This is for Andrew's game. Thoughts? @timlives @Demi Tarot
what situation is it intended for?
it ain't bad, but context is important
it feels pretty intro texty
Correct
Andrew needed a title theme that can be adopted into an overworld theme when slooowed down
👏
@Demi Tarot listen to this. I wanna layer in bits of this with what you've already heard.
Volume warning-ish. the mezzo-forte is stronk.
a bit, but that's a pretty jiving melody
:DDD
what this small piece looks like: @a ghost with purpose
:POGGERS:
Burgundy fits as a Fasolati name, so have a Bun Burg
TWO SWORDS
daggers
TWWOOO
BIG KNIVES
very cute
i like the tiddy
@mannie.exe That song is nice I reminds me of chrono trigger
@a ghost with purpose
do you wanna freestyle yet?
LET GO OF THE CYCLE
LET GO OF THE VOID
Pinned a message.
I will now commence the *lore dump*
**Major Factions**

**Ifen / Ifeni**
    The hound of war on the most populated continent in the world, Eoza. Of the three major nations, they are the most bloodthirsty by far. Ifen is home to the most dangerously religious zealots in the world. Ifeni scripture begins with their most beloved legend : when the All-mother departed from our world to become the Dreamwhisperer she left behind a promise : he conquers all would prove worthy enough for her to climb out of her dream palace and crown a new god and husband. This fable has many variants but is undeniably the foundation of Ifen culture.
**Yten/ Yteni**
    The oldest nation on Eoza by far. They say if you break earth anywhere in Yten eventually you’ll find corpses from a long forgotten battle, and every home is built on top of some stranger’s grave. Yteni government moves slowly, and the people adapt even more slowly. Though rich in population and tradition, Yteni inflexibility to technological and magical innovation has left them victims to frequent invasion.
**Ebreth / Ebrethi**
    The Ebrethi are a desert nation. Though extremely rich in iron and other resources thanks to their bountiful mines, life here is hard. Stories say Ebreth settlers were rebels, banished from Yten long ago, and sealed away when an ancient Yteni ruler made a deal with Tautra, Keeper of Earth, to raise the Skyspear Mountains from the ground to separate the two nations. Life here is hard, but Ebrethi people thrive where they can.
**Lorix / Lorixian**
    Here, life is even harder. Lorix is a tiny nation on Eoza off the southern coast of Ifen, separated by a series of active volcanoes. Capital punishment isn’t very popular and prisons are expensive to maintain so this sorry grouping of islands along with a bit of inhabitable pennuislla became the dumping ground of criminals from all over the world, as well as a hideaway for political refugees and practioners of illegal magic. One year a few centuries back Lorixians sent back the Ifen tribute ship empty handed and the Ifeni didn’t bother doing anything about it -- there was hardly anything in Lorix worth taking. If you live in Lorix you must have pissed someone off and your life sucks, or you simply do not want to be found.
**Vanash / Vanch**
    Vanash is the large continent south of Eoza and it is a hot mess. Most of it is scorching desert but there is a swath of life that cuts through the center of it. Vanch people are tougher than their Eozan neighbors as a result of having to deal with harsher climate and more dangerous fauna, but there are far less of them. Rather than forming large cities, society here takes the form of fast changing allegiances between villages, families, and clans. Though when threatened as a collective the Vanch are willing to unite.
**Apora / Apeche**
    A mysterious continent only recently discovered. (if you choose to be from here you’ll have to help me figure some stuff out). When lost sailors from Ifen stumbled upon unfamiliar, fungal forests they realized they weren’t on the far jungle shore of Yten like they hoped, but someplace entirely different. Ifen being Ifen of course they immediately launched an invasion but were defeated by the natives using strange tactics and powerful magic. Curiously, the war was brought to an end when the Ifeni Prime Patriarch was made aware these natives weren’t that different - they were dwarves, elves, humans, etc just like all the other nations. Even more curiously, they speak similar language, and worshipped the same goddess.
**Note: Races and Magic** In terms of race all the official D&D 5e races are present in good number throughout Eoza and Vanash, though no where are the races treated as equals, for example Ebreth has a strict caste system with dragonborn at the top and dwarves and halflings at the bottom. It varies from place to place. Apora as an exemption has a majority of elves but otherwise experiences a large amount of race diversity. In terms of magic, non-divine magic users are fairly uncommon in Eoza and Vanash but more popular in Apora, with wizards being very uncommon as dedicated study of magic is impossible as a result of religious witch-hunting.

**Non-nation factions**
**Listeners of the Dreamwhisperer**
    The goddess is widely worshipped all over the world in various forms.  She is considered all seeing and all powerful and is far from silent. Her title as Dreamwhisperer comes from the most consistent way people are able to commune with her, in their sleep. In Eoza priests and clerics travel from various organizations spreading her teachings based on historical scripture. In Vanash every tribe has a dreamer(a shaman dedicated to communing with the goddess), and every family prays for her blessing before taking a meal. Apeche methods of worship are mostly unknown but many have made their bodies into living tapestries, capturing fables and stories of the goddess onto their flesh.
**Pagan Churches**
    Though widespread, the dreaming goddess is not the only source of divine power in the world. Some pagans worship individuals from Dreamwhisperer legend as their true gods -- for example the Craftsman, her original husband, or a specific Realmkeeper, the guardians she left behind to maintain the world in their respective elements : earth, sea, and air. Others worship something totally unrelated ( like the god-emperor of mankind or some shit, I don’t know. Fill in the blank god to worship, just work it out with me if you fiendin’ for somethin particular.)
**Independent Knight Orders**
    Popular in Eoza are groups of religious soldiers that declare allegiance to no specific nation but instead choose their loyalty based on the will of the goddess. These groups are recognized and respected across the continent and possess a significant amount of military power.
**Mercenary Companies**
    Like the knights but for gold instead of god. Bit less respected, bout half as common and powerful.
**Swamp city of Qurg**
    The Swamp City of Qurg is a strange, goddess-forsaken place. It’s long independence and neutrality has been vital to the balance of power on Eoza and serves as the only long standing tradeport between the three major nations, Lorix, and Vanash. It’s ruled by the self-proclaimed Immortal God-King Yvshnar who is feared by his subjects and respected by his enemies, even the Ifeni zealots despite his blatant, unrepentant heresy. People from Qurg tend to be strange and often stand out as a result of their inability to make eye contact, and tendency to wear clothing to conceal their faces. There’s a saying that goes something like, “You’ll never see a Qurg’s face twice.” The city under Yvshnar’s leadership has turned back dozens of attempted invasions just in recent history, despite lacking any sort of standing military.
**Note: Intro quest** - An ancient city of Dreamwhisperer legend has been discovered in the stubborn ocean between Eoza and Apora. Global tensions are high in this gold rush but the would-be instigators of war, (Ifen if that wasn’t obvious) are reeling from a recent conquest over Yten (called Ifeni-minor now by the conquerors), and a temporary solution has been reached: the Ifeni Expeditionary force that controls the ruins (but lacks the manpower to explore it properly) will allow anyone to join them so long as they bear a banner of truce and pay tribute, of course. The journey there has proved exceptionally dangerous, with as many as three in five ships finding the bottom of the ocean rather than their destination. For reasons of your choice you’ve found your way to these ruins, and luckily you’ve survived the trip. (we’ll figure out some details about why your characters are actually a party during session zero)

*caveat any of these names might possibly be changed and some things I don’t have names yet for but I will ( the goddess for example )
invite link is at the top and pinned, lemme know if any questions
your character should have some affiliation with one of these factions or if they all sound lame to you i will smith a new one
oh yeah heres a map with some labels
would love to do session zero sometime this weekend and start next week im good to go for the first few sessions prep-wise
You said lore "dump" this is a lore *nuke*
:yes:
busy night
you interested in playin? @Koala
oh right you have work and probably cant read through all this rn
I'm working from home and reading this during a conf call lol
unfortunately I can't really commit to a full campaign rn, especially this month since in a week i'll be traveling
kk this will run a few months at least so you could jump in sometime in january maybs
I could be an on again/off again character at most lol
:worryThumbsUpSad:
we'll see once it gets to January
yee
oh well you'll just missout on my homebrew *death table*
the ever important question.
what flavor of waifu have I not made yet?
I've done noble but naive...noble
I've done sassy morally gray waifu
Big Sister type
Strong slappy type
Airhead (Tomboy)
and Airhead (Chuuni/Bimbo hybrid)
and Pure maiden
ummm
the mischevious teasing type?
I think Burgundy had that going for her
I think some I've not done for this group are
-Ara Ara Milf
-Big Tiddy Goth GF
-Stuck up Noble that's kind of a bitch, but not in a way that's grating or gets the party into extra trouble by making any diplomacy impossible because she's an obstinate brat
is this setting related to the game project we attempted last year?
theres some ideas i cannablized but overall not really
character stats are 3d6, 2 sets of 6 pick which one you want. if your average modifier is +1 or lower let me know and we can make a deal (gain a cool thing to compensate for bad stats) or you can roll again
How do we feel about Celestial Warlocks?
Warlocks are generally perceived evil, which I feel the celestial subclass kinda' "subverts" (aka make redundant in a fun way). What "Celestial" patron would you picture? I immediately thought of the Goddess, especially with the dream communication stuff.
Being a Warlock to the Goddess sounds kind of stronk though, so let me know if that's on the table, or how that would affect my relationships with the Whisperers or the IKO.
First of all, I don't think the association of warlock and evil would be very strong here. A Celestial Warlock in this setting  would be like someone that has made a divine connection to some entity, like the Dreamwhisperer for example but bypasses or disregards the church or whatever existing structure of faith. In Ifen the effect of this would be the church really hates you, because you prove that they are in some ways redundant, but your powers are indisputable and respected.
it gets trickier but potentially more interesting if you choose a patron besides the Dreamwhisperer. For example, Vyshnar, Immortal God-King of Qurg could be your patron and your character as a Qurg would be **very** differently received compared to the previous example.
there are some other strong options too, like the Craftsman, first of good men and husband to the goddess when she walked among mortals. There's an entity I'll call the Forlorn Wanderer who's the Realmkeeper of the afterlife -- his domain is the realm between the mortal world we live in and the void that awaits all mortal souls after death.
basically Celestial warlocks are the kids who got a meager 1 million donation from their parents to start a business
@Demi Tarot @mannie.exe chu two are the only ones not squared away on char lemme know if you need my help with anythin' or make some progress
just a bit of the ol Choice paralysis
I'm trying to get over it by not depending on other people as much
but in this case since it's a co-operative party thing it might not be super bad to get some insight on preferences
you talkin flavor wise or more class/party complimenting wise?
...yes
I'll type up my current stuff with their pros and cons after I get my hot pocket
you ever have to reheat a hot pocket because everything went to shit as soon as you get it out of the microwave?
ah yes the hotter pocket
goat problems
let's move on to this to stave off a mental breakdown, yes
Note that those designs are far from final, they were basically an anchor point to work from

Gold: Protector Aasimar, Divine Soul Sorcerer.
Pros: Ara Ara MILF. Fits very nicely in the setting. Motivation is simple but effective. Very clear voice of reason
Cons: We got a lot of divine firepower in the party comp so far.

Purple: Fallen Aasimar, Shadow Sorcerer
Pros: Big Tiddy Goth GF. Good contrast to the party. A slightly more edgy voice of reason
Cons: Motivation may take a bit of lore wiggles

Green: Aladrin (Rogue, Bard or Fighter)
Pros: Midriff, Interesting Personality
Cons: presently unclear motivations,
i love lore wiggles
shout out to the time someone wanted to be necromancer in once of my settings where I deliberately said that animating the dead was the same type of magic as making golems, and "necromantic" or "negative energy" didn't exist, but rather than say no I wound up thinking of how ghosts and undead worked in the setting and ended up with cool stuff
for Aasimar purposes basically means yer mum or yer dad was one of the five direct descendants of the goddess, these are immortal beings and most of them have cults or sects of worship in their own right but aren't quite god-level power. I haven't given them names yet but they are roughly The Heiress, The Mage, The Trickster, The Reclaimer, and The Disowned.  if you'd like to know more about any of your potentially divine dads or mums i can extrapolate
I AM RECLAIMER OF MY NAAAAAME
BORN IN FLAMES! I HAVE BEEN BLESSED!
***MY FAMILY CREST IS A DEMON OF DEATH~***
🤘
but I can imagine which one would go to which concept are obvious
ye. its more shorthand for the most notable thing about them, of course these are Real Characters with Multi Dimensional Personalities but those dont need to exist yet 🙂
I do want to try a Scourge Aasimar at some point
but that's for another game
Other than some outfit embellishments, I think Vikara is done
What'd ya pick?
Fighter Eladrin Swamp Yakuza
GIMMIE TOKEN COLORS AND CHARACTER DESCRIPTIONS
this is mike's reference pic
ac1ff2
Mikkle - Indigo
*v*Mike - Goldish Brown or Brownish Gold like a fine cooked chicken. mmmmm....
Me - Green
Mannie -
mChuque - Icy Blue
@Mujin
that just leaves Manmanmanmanmanmanman
who
your personage
Oh God I'm hot
mike got ganked by family plans he forgot about tomorrow so we can play Tues or Sat instead if schedules allow
Twesday works
ye bet
@ChuckRadaman @timlives @mannie.exe @Mujin
we good for tues?
Another day to procrastinate-- yes.
Ye
:PepoCheer:
Here's our TRPG general @everyone @Koala.
hi
I'll bring in those resources @Mujin posted and the big D&D Google Drive as well.
Maps n shit
Pinned a message.
D&D Resource Books, Homebrew, and a Few Maps:
Pinned a message.
So I was looking through DnD Beyond earlier, and I was just marveling at just how similar the experience was to what I had in mind for our TIY project. @Mujin
In my head I considered this the most optimal way of creating an online D&D character. Highly simplified, one-concern-per-page routine.
At that time I had been inspired by this contact form library that I found which did just that: ask you one questions on a page at a time.
I know! That’s what I thought too when I first signed up! The only thing I wash they had was integration with roll20. Especially since both are affiliates of wizards now
That'd be neat, but non-Pro members of Roll20 have no direct way of importing or moving characters around. The only mechanism even Pro members have for that is the Character Vault system.
Would be neat to see how they implement it.
True. I’d easily pay for roll20 if there was integration between the two
Regretting not making that character creator now a little, would have made for a great portfolio piece... ^^'
So, do you know how the Roll20 Pro plugin/extension system works?
It's a JavaScript hook into their entire system.
Nothing stopping you now!
No ideal lol
It's bloody fucking awesome.
It would be sooo cool to have a web application that you can create characters on, set some sort of private key, and use that + a custom JavaScript plugin on Roll20 just straight import characters.
With this approach, only the DM would have to have Roll20 Pro as well.
Just picture a Node.js back-end with some object-based database system, and a front-end that allows users to create and save characters into it. The JavaScript plugin would function as a secondary "front-end", in that would just connect to the back-end, get the data, and fill it into the appropriate character sheets for each imported character.
That would be awesome!
Also, unfortunately what's stopping is the D&D copyright, mwahaha. I could still use a ton of Open5e stuff though.
True! Or just keep it private lol
I might also be able to provide a simple hook to homebrew classes, races, archetypes and such on the spot, allowing you to manually add copyrighted material as well.
idk if I would wanna privatize it though. Too many downsides as opposed to just allowing users to fill in their own gaps.
Especially if I wanna use it as a portfolio piece.
Not privatize it but just not advertise it
Ah, but that would still be considered "distribution of copyrighted material".
True lol too much thought for me
Wizards of the Coast are mostly concerned with their book-specific, non-open "information" or "data" being available without purchase -- anywhere.
There were quite a few apps that functioned as pocket PHB's and such prior to mass DMCA's.
If I allow users to use the same data in any shape or form, I'm would be under the same classification of illegal distributor of copyrighted material.
...more specifically, if I myself _provide_ users with that data to be used en masse in their own characters, I'm a target.
But if I _allow_ users to bring in their own values, or data, than nothing's on me directly.
You could start off with just including data from the free resource that wizards has up
Precisely my train of thought.
Regardless, it is both a little demoralizing but also super positive to think that what I had in mind for a product is now an official impmlementation.
It's like, on one hand, it's such a big morale boost to realize that you were on the right track the entire time, but at the same time... damn, I wish I had actually done it.
I would say only think of it as a positive! We identified a need in the market just didn’t have the resources. Nothing we can do against an amazon company lol
Haha, yeah, when you put it like that...
Also, sux that I can't use Kenku in DnD Beyond unless I buy the Volo's extension (or the Legendary pack).
...and since we can't Homebrew classes, _ahem ahem_, there's no way to finish my character sheet.
Hey guys  michael and i will have to miss dnd due to a family event. soooo what do you all want to do?
probably just take it easy, or we could throw together a one shot or side story on our own
probably just take it easy, or we could throw together a one shot or side story on our own
Cry
Mostly just cry.
nah its cool, prob just look to next week unless @Koala  @timlives  @mannie.exe  @Demi Tarot  wanna do a oneshot
Pfft, you don't even have to aaaxxeeee.
I want to but I've got a housemate's bday tomorrow
im down with 3 man 1 shot too @timlives  @mannie.exe  @Demi Tarot
shore
i'll try
k we can discuss context / make some characters tonight
undead mystery / ~~mansion heist~~ / trader escort /  ~~"Seven Samurai / 300"~~ /  Play As Monsters
one shot
"While onlookers of Ulfgar's onslaught are led to believe his rage to be his very birthright, he himself considers it a formidable plan B. Ulfgar often resorts to plan B."
Also im not streaming today so we can start a bit earlier
@Demi Tarot @timlives @mannie
WOO.
Soul Jar
A magical phial imbued with a powerful soul, made into an amulet. Upon the death of the wearer the soul held within the amulet is sent beyond instead, and the wearer is brought back to life at full strength.
Upon death(not just being knocked unconscious) find yourself magically revived at full HP and skill slots. Destroyed upon use.

Arms of Alarm
These enchanted bracers release thin, sharp needles into your skin to alert you of incoming danger. Causing you slight pain and always keeping you one step ahead of any ambushers
Can never be caught be surprise, gain advantage and an additional +1 on initiative rolls. Take one damage at the start of combat.

Patron's Boon
Pink/Green/Blue Spherical Ioun Stone
Crystalline stone that floats in the air 1 foot away from your head, a gift from your patron'
Increases your charisma and AC by 2.
Lifedrinker
A cursed blade that drinks from its foes to sate its hunger. Legends say if it goes without feeding it would then turn itself on its wielder. Upon feasting on enough souls, legends say the blade will transform the wielder.
Magic Greatsword +1, Heal for d6 each time you successfully hit an enemy.

Sunblade
A legendary sword blessed by the sun-god
Magic Greatsword +1, Each blow singes the enemy with additional fire damage, roll an extra d6. Additionally provides lightin a 30ft radius.

Extra Sharp Mega Katana
Glorious Nippon Steel Folded Thousands of Times for Durability
Magical Katana +2, Weapon damage dice changes to 2d8
Horn of High Seas
A magical horn acquired as treasure after a long voyage.
Blow upon this horn to attract the attention of all enemies within 30 feet of you --- additionally when raging gain additionally resistance to cold, fire, lightning, necrotic, and radiant damage

Gorehowl
A bloodthirsty weapon that hungers for flesh of all sorts, legends say upon being sated on blood and flesh the weapon would transform.
(can be a greataxe/greatsword) Magic Weapon +1 : Upon dealing significant damage in a single attack, you may occasionally dismember enemies. Additionally, killing blows tend to explode enemies into a gorey pulp

Belt of Dwarfkind
A belt infused with the spirit of dwarfkind, imbuing the wearer with total power over stone.
 Give the caster the knowledge and ability to cast the spells Stoneskin(unlimited), Stone Shape(unlimited), and Summon Stone Golem(once per long rest)
Man wtf
Turns out im the one who couldnt sleep tonight @timlives
I repent
heck
Next time we feel like doing a One-Shot, I wanna try something Wonderlust related
whether I use the actual setting with Fate, or just use the races for DnD shenanigans I dunno, up to a vote I s'pose
another thing I wanna do, design Magical weapons that give, like options, for different situations
liiiike something that lets you conjure magcal daggers. You could make a reliable ranged attack or two as is, OR, if you got people up in your face, Shotgun a fan of daggers in a cone that needs a Dex Save to dodge
man i just wrote a thousand word  essay for a D&D characters backstory(edited)
and that shit was **fun**
I'm starting a little personal writing project - a supplementary text for D&D that consists primarily of the magic items that I've thought of, with names and little backstories. Partly so I keep track of all the magic item ideas I've had, and partly to share a bunch of magical items with the world
neat
**Lotte:** God I wish that was me
hey if anyone wants to run a one shot or solo campaing hmu
im bored and itchin to dizzle and dizzle
Hey guys I found pictures of @Mujin's Albion character.
Here's a picture of him when he was a little baby.
Licorice toothpaste? ( 'A')
Fixed.
probably buying a pro sub to roll20 so we'll have some new toys to play around with 😄
if you guys ever have any campaigns you GM let me know and I'll create it for you so you get the PRO benefits
Oh could you please make one for me? @a ghost with purpose
@mannie.exe  wanna help me test some things?
Of course!
I would definitely like to try some of the scripting available.
Also, could you make one for me on  as well?
That's their "dev" branch.
cmere
nerds
keep me posted on the *Dank Shit*™ you pull off
@Demi Tarot  btw are you good to play an Albion session friday post 9 pm
yes
I have acquire **[An Actual Mobile Phone]**
Man, yer' getting better.
power of money
"Alright, Tony, did you finish changing your character from a wrestler to a rogue?"
"Yeah, but I was in a rush so I may have missed something in my equipment"
"I'm sure it's fine"
....
"I attack the goblin with my throwing....chairs."
alternatively Wizard casts Stop Time and rapidly casts animate object
wow that's a lot to take in at once
SO
I FOUND A GEM OF A WEBSITE
It has literally a SHIT ton of stuff for D&D, and a FUCK load of other RPG systems as well.
Unfortunately, there's no way to mass download shit from the server yet, so I wrote a Python script to crawl through subdirs and batch download all of the files.
I'm gonna do a session with @a ghost with purpose -- haven't decided when yet, but knowing the two us, the possibilities are endless. If @everyone wants to join, let me know and either Andrew or I can send you an invite.
Use these links to get access to the official rulebooks:  and  for a bunch of 3rd party jazz.
is the link to that
**IMPORTANT**: for those of you who feel those links are a little overwhelming due to the sheer amount of content, I present you with this:
Just some of the very basic rulebooks to minimize distraction. The folder is still uploading so everything that I've uploaded may not be entirely there  yet, but it should have the main handbook, Volo's, Xanathar's, and all of the Unearthed Arcana after it's done uploading. Refresh the page a little later to reload missing content. If there's something missing in here that you'd like to try, refer back to the earlier big-dick links of plentiful variety.
I added the Elemental Evil Player's Companion to the GDrive folder.
I know both Volo's and EE have a Goliath race. idk if there are any differences but check through the two since you're playing one anyways. @a ghost with purpose
They are the same.
Idea 1) Beauty obsessed crossdresser, likely a bard. Can be very cold and callous towards things he deems ugly, has no mercy for monsters.
Idea 2) Greedy Dwarf with impressive muscle and impressive facial hair as most dwarves do. Obsessed with shining gems and gold some say joke he's part dragon. Crass and Macho.
Idea 3) Curiously handsome Orc Barbarian. His father was a bard you see, one of the best.
Idea 4) Possibly a troubled rogue.
2) would love to see you play that kind of char
4) my curiosity picks this one as my fav
Idea 5) Dude who collects enchanted swords
Idea 6) man who coughs intermittently and pauses for awkward amounts of time before he starts speaking again, probably interrupting whoever tries to speak during the awkward pause
I’m definitely not projecting my coworker onto a character
I'd like to see No. 2, it's the most different from your other characters I've seen
If  I wanna do a proper voice I’d need phlegm in the back of my throat
@a ghost with purpose If you want to play a one shot I have an idea for a heroic dnd session.
Dougal Goldmiser
Be a paladin whos deity is just gold
That’s not hoe it works
It is if there's enough paladins whose deity is gold
thursday one shot
When you are wielding a finesse weapon with whichyou are proficient and another creature  hits you witha melee attack, you can use your reaction to add yourproficiency bonus to your AC for that attack, potentiallycausing the attack to miss you.
I made a generic enemy token
fookin' I just thought of it, but I wanna try being a Fuzzum Rider Grumbly at some point
On the subject of voicing characters, I think my kinda not high not derp voice is probably close to a grumblina
A Likely scenario involving Neela
"Isn't it impractical to go into the field with that much cleavage?"
"Wot? S'where oi keep me 'nocs. S'why they call'em knockers."
"Excuse me? your what?"
"Me 'nocs." *whips binoculars out*
**Player:** can I be a barbarian with a Katana?
**DM:** what? no. What would that even look like?
**Player:**
**DM:** Y'know what, on second thought...
so i bought My Summer Car
only 30 minutes in and i wantr to fucking die
lmao
just watch Robbaz
become true Finn
dont google Shoujo Ramune. It's not worth it
do you think we're weak? also this is the nerdass D&D channel
which one is the general chat xD
general
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Lotte's character arc
bought some critical role shizzzz
Large man cuddles God, Colorized @Mujin
Had a pretty interesting idea for a campaign setting. Renaissance theme?
Ooh that sounds fun
Floppy hats all around!
WoW!
I feel like a campaign with a Final Fantasy Tactics kinda tone would be fun to run but politics is hard
Got some war stuff going on but like not as much focus on large scale battles so much as skirmishes and junk
I've always thought an industrial revolution kinda setting would be cool
The hardest part is figuring out how magic would impact society
Magic assisted industry
Like some alchemists created enchanted coal or some shit
Fire magic - lit lamps on the streets
But like what are the societal consequences? Would child labor have been such a large issue if you just had to pay a single sorcerer to do 100x the work?
Man made tools and machines that can manipulate magic for use in heavy industry, manufacturing, etc
Idk those are the sorts of questions I try to ask myself if I’m coming up with ideas
Like magic constructs and golems
Damn that would be dope
I used that in an unused and unnamed campaign setting I tried to model ages ago. @Mujin
It had this slightly Final Fantasy-esque, arcana-powered, steampunk vibe to it, but since magic was so potent and avoided a lot of the compromises that occurred due to industrialization, it felt more like a mix between the Fullmetal Alchemist universe and something like FFXIV, than something more traditionally steampunk.
That’s really cool!
Want power leveling in Diablo III? @Deleted User
Also to @Demi Tarot and @timlives ^
I home
Hello home
Me home dos
@Mujin  have you read what the dmg says about the "how magic affects the setting"
Doesnt say a ton but theres some good stuff
"It sets shit on fire. Fuckin wild, mate."
How do I read a damage?
"It sets shit on fire. Fuckin wild, mate."
('^' )oσ get a load of this guy
it's the Dangit Man's Guide
I present early Dadthew Mercer
God _damn_
he was _that kid_ in hs
well he's aged quite gracefully
Do you still want me to bring my mic setup if we can use @timlives's? @a ghost with purpose
Psst, @Mujin and @Demi Tarot. We're not doing my campaign anymore. I got a lot of shit on my plate and I thought I'll be able to chisel the time and the mindset to pull it off, but that's too farfetched at the moment. We'll keep that campaign, setting, and characters open because I would like to still do it sometimes later in the year. Sorry about that, but this seems like the smartest decision at the moment. So for now, we only have one weekly campaign: Andrew's.
heek
It’s guuud man
I think I got a plot synopsis for my campaign idea.

*"The Theocracy of Frenon is in the midst of a Civil War. When King Argust suddenly passed from illness the kingdom was left with no heir. Holding sway in Frenon's politics, Pope Egilon appointed his daughter, Emeraldis to take the throne as queen. Before her coronation, however, rumor spread of a potential heir appearing; Lionel, a bastard child of Argust holding an heirloom blade. The air became tense as debates raged, and arguments rang out, lines were drawns and houses were divided. Soon violence broke out between those who sided with the church, and those that sided with the crown."*
comments or questions?
Civil wars are fun
man, now that I've been floundering on the notes all day, really dunno if I can pull off this kinda plot
Its okay to create or attempt something thats less than perfect
Even if its bad, still fine cuz its the best way to improve :)
It’s less I don’t think it would be perfect and more I can’t grasp the subject well enough to handle it properly
Like a good thing to know in a war centric campaign is who actually controls the army
the general ofc
the war council
sarge peters
whoever really
Not what I meant
What did you mean?
aye what do you mean here
now that I'm home
fuckin, usually the head of the government ultimately commands the army but in this case where there is no ruler
like, would the Pope's Daughter run one side and Lionel the other
would the Pope's Daughter have any reasonable explanation for being able to lead an army, would some nerd who just claims to be an heir just be allowed an army? like dang
Oh, like a head of state
?
Because usually it would be a general or a Lord leading
So, yeah, maybe Daughter would lead, if such a thing would be tolerated by the nobles on her side
Or a male Lord (possibly one vying for her hand, hmmmmmmm?) that's had experience leading troops before or is simply charismatic enough.
Lionel, ye olde bastarde heire
Could probably lead as well. Like you said, the various nobles of the land picked their sides, so there's multiple candidates for leadership.
And the leader is usually the one who bought a bunch of men, or the most experienced one, or the natural leader, or simply the one they picked to lead them
@Demi Tarot
I'd say in Daughter's case she'd be more of a symbol, nominally having a leadership role, hell maybe she's actually quite the master of court politics, but the military is a man's job and that's what her father and all the other nobles throwing their lot in with her are gonna say
What say you J-a-red @Demi Tarot
maybs
_**AHHHHHHHHHHHHH**_
Wind Chime thinks to himself, sooon....
I need everyone to have significant outfit changes by the time we hit Level 6 for the Tier 2 Tokens
I think I have an idea for a campaign that's a bit smaller scale than my other idea, in fact it's in one city, but I got a better grasp on it with some groups and main NPCs already in my notes. I think to properly tailor the story for the party I'd need character motivations
A group of adventurers, each with their own reasons, travel far from their homes and meet at the gates of the sprawling city of Briskwillow. However immediately upon entering they find things are not right here.  The people are less than hospitable and the sun never shines, and everywhere they go there seems to be a miasma plaguing the streets.
so interested dorks inquire away
wow so it's a pretty hardcore campaign
What's super special about the city?
it's old as balls, as a well known academy where all the greatest minds used to go to to study and consult with other scholars, so naturally as well as advancements with magic and technology, they had a lot of medical and historic knowledge
though like for different motivations, maybe you go there seeking medical help, or wish to study a rare or unethical text you can't find. Maybe you're looking for someone, or maybe you're a missionary of the Church of St. Morgan who is heading in to assist that front.
though like for different motivations, maybe you go there seeking medical help, or wish to study a rare or unethical text you can't find. Maybe you're looking for someone, or maybe you're a missionary of the Church of St. Morgan who is heading in to assist that front.
It's not entirely unknown that it's fallen from grace, so some seek to purify it, some seek to pilfer artifacts that may have been left behind, some go there out of desperation
basically if you pitch a concept at me, I can probably find a way to fit it in
mood screenshots
oneshot ideas
shit dude
@Mujin
Lololol I’m watching their c2e2 panel right now
map asset folder reminder for myself
Pinned a message.
@everyone  probably starting a **Stars Without Number** campaign next weekend, will be sunday evenings most likely. It's a sci-fi system about space ships, exploration, and aliens, lemme know if you're interested. Jared and M.Bolton are on board already and I'm lookin' for 4-5 players total , if someone else wants to play or even GM this for sure lemme know
Pass on GM, but would like to play. @a ghost with purpose
so we have three
I no can master but maeby play
we could use a shootmin
Once I'm done with the school I'll have time
how much longer you got?
first sesh is may 6, can always join the campaign after a few weeks when the semester ends
^ and that will be more like a session 0 than a proper session
Let me take a look at the system. I’ve been wanting to GM for awhile
Two more weeks of class then finals
The system is OSR(old school Renaissance)  and the setting is super sci-fi, I think 2d6+mod is the most common roll and each skill check is usually tiered like 1-5 failure, 6-10 partial success, 10+ complete success. Combat is pretty similar to D&D now, exception for space combat. There's also a lot of back-end faction management the spacemaster has to do.
I got the deluxe edition. I’ll throw that up on the dnd google drive here in a bit
communism
fully automated luxury gay space communism
Whoops sorry that’s a single file. One sec
Cars without Bumpers
nice, lemme know what you think of it-- if you just want to play instead of run it that's cool too, we've played maybe five sessions total of the original
who gonna DM?
me unless someone else wants to
Ooh I forgot one of the new features is weapon modifications, you can try and tinker an auto-targeting mod on your sniper rifle if you wanted
Or mod a semi-auto pistol to a fully auto one, etc
so we can have a fully semi-automatic pistol
you hold down the trigger but it only shoots one bullet a second?
after a few years in modern civilization would Viv change up clothes to less flowy robes and more skin tight and futurey like this
what psionics are you gonna take
Telekinesis and Teleport
or Double down on Telekinesis and get teleport later we'll see
mind movin' powa
I feel doubling down at the start may be more useful so I can have an actual technique and do some heavy lifting, instead of just being able to carry smaller stuff at a distance and teleport 10 meters
man look at this SWN art
not from the book
So our four starting players are Michael Michael Mannie Jared, possible stephan later
We have the roles on the ship that need filled: Captain, Bridge(pilot), Comms, Gunnery, Engineering. The section that isn't covered by you guys will be played by me, and if your PC can't do any of those then you'll take control of an NPC in that department during any space flights. (Say if you're a primitive psychic QT)
Captain and Engineering taken
I'll fill ( 'u')
since a few years in modern life probably isn't enough to know how to spess ship
we're spinning wheels on characters if ya wanna join
100k budget on shipping - page 96. You guys get to customize the ship, keep in mind mass and power limits
Need at least one person trained in each of these: Talk, Heal, Pilot
sounds like what Mann the Man Man wanted to do, at least 2 of those anyways
expect a setting blurb tomorrow 😄
since we're rolling all our characters already the 6th will be a proper first session not a 0th
You guys heard of this new band Kojima's directing and producing for with Guillermo Del Toro?
Norman Reedus and the Funky Fetus?
for some clarificiating, I'm taking telekinetic armory, since I feel even if I'm avoiding combat, it may prove handy to have a means of armor and weaponry. it says I can make either an advanced melee weapon or a rifle
does the "rifle" have a magazine? since I assume it is literally me just force punching air at people
Woah that's dope.
And yeah, Piloting is a definite for me, and I will pick up either Heal or Talk along with it.
I _would_ like to see the run-down of everybody's skills. Less to min-max and more just get a feel for how everybody will fit and play mechanically. I know Mike's the ship captain with an Expert background. Which gives a pretty good idea of what to expect, and I know Michael's a cybernetic technician.
Anything to add to above? @timlives @Mujin
my other abilities I could choose at this level is automatic space suit or walking up walls. All are useful, but I'm not sure how often we'll be going into hazardous environments or stuff like that
I can see why you'd wanna go for base survivability at the moment and taking telekinetic armory.
It's what sort of normalizes your actions with everybody else's.
But yeah, they all sound useful.
Make sure you guys fill me in with everything you're willing to spare. Read above. @Mujin @timlives
no u
Michael's playing Scotty
I have connect, fix, know, notice, program
my skills are notice, sneak, survive aaaand maybe exert? since she was suited to sneaking around the woods and popping in to town on occasion to steal food
Cyber Builder
Exert is basically athletics
Ahhh, as in, physically exerting yourself to accomplish tasks.
I see.
Cool cool.
she run, she swim, she climb
What about @Koala? I know I heard the word "Merchant" thrown aorund.
she bloop
What about Talk? Is that something Stephan would be used to?
He's gonna be playing a warrior with merchant background I believe, running Comms
I seeee.
Aye
Awesome.
Then I think I'll look into Piloting and Healing.
so I think I might be taking talk
Cool, that'll leave gunnery but I think @a ghost with purpose has plans for that. Hopefully we won't be needing to do that as much as we thought our last *-# session(s).
I LOVE IT.
HYPED.
AHHH.
Jared's covering Gunnery, though he'll be acting through an NPC - likely his character's psychic mentor
I see.
I SEE.
This means both my Saturdays and Sundays are taken up by tabletop RPGs now.
Again, I love it.
A good way to spend your evenings
Surely.
I should read the pow pow shooty rolls then
glancing over this a Corvette style ship is a Frigate class wiiiiiith
Speed of 2, 10 Armor, 40 HP, a crew of 10-40 people with at least 6 of those being our PCs, and my NPC surrogate
AC of 13
Power of 15 and Mass of 15 for fitting stuff
and 6 Hard points for weapons
and if we dunno what the fuck we want there's an example on one page 105
mhm, I'm picking weapons and armor, you guys are fitting minor systems up to $100k
uh, for a Frigate class 100k doesn't go very far
So it's a Frigate
Not a corvette
Corvette's are frigates
Yeah, I forgot to accommodate for the frigate price bump, will updoot the  buying limit in a bit
you got Fighters, Friggers, Cruisers and Capitalists
Corvettes are a class below Frigate
the Hull type is a frigate but its larger and better
not in this game
Ah
It's a step below *Heavy Frigate* in the rules which is the frigate type you're thinking of
Now I'm going to be bothered lol
nah
to quote the book, it is the smallest combat frigate and is usually what people refer to when people say "frigate"
Basically the corvette is the smallest combat dedicated frigate option
and should be perfectly fine when dealing with the usual pirate scum, if we piss off any military hit the fucking spike drive
You guys are basically starting in a five million dollar ship
^credit
think last time we played you only had a free merchant hull, and like $1mil ship value
bumped to 650k spending limit on your ship outfittings
@Demi Tarot
aight
Also, our ship will be a bit modified from traditional corvette stats, consider it like an *advanced first prototype* of a model that could have substantially more power than traditional corvettes
Updated D&D resource list. Now it's an RPG folder and also contains *-#. @everyone
@mannie.exe  do you wanna spin up your character after my D&D sesh tonight?
Would you like to be my lovely assistant and the guided tour? Still haven't read the material.
Yas
I'll let you know when I'm done
I'll be here too
mostly because it's friday
but also because fffffffFFFFFFFFFFUCK YES no more class ever*

*assuming there is no last second GOTCHA bullshit
Hell yeah!
Congrats again boi.
You did a thing.
+1 thing!
Nice 😄
Pinned a message.
mmmmmmmmm
looking through mordenkainen's ToFs now
HYPE
might grab some monsters for our session tonight 😛
is Morbid Cane Man's book only full of monsters, or does it have other new stuff?
Pinned a message.
*ahem*
Neat.
^ link to Mike's campaign
Your hobgoblin character has the following racial traits.
Ability Score Increase

Your Constitution score increases by 2, and your Intelligence score increases by 1.
Age

Hobgoblins mature at the same rate as humans and have lifespans similar in length to theirs.
Alignment

Hobgoblin society is built on fidelity to a rigid, unforgiving code of conduct. As such, they tend toward lawful evil.
Size

Hobgoblins are between 5 and 6 feet tall and weigh between 150 and 200 pounds. Your size is Medium.
Speed

Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
Darkvision

You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can’t discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.
Martial Training

You are proficient with two martial weapons of your choice and with light armor.
Saving Face

Hobgoblins are careful not to show weakness in front of their allies, for fear of losing status. If you miss with an attack roll or fail an ability check or a saving throw, you can gain a bonus to the roll equal to the number of allies you can see within 30 feet of you (maximum bonus of +5). Once you use this trait, you can’t use it again until you finish a short or long rest.
Languages

You can speak, read, and write Common and Goblin.
@Mujin  are we playing your campaign starting next week?
@a ghost with purpose @Demi Tarot @timlives Hey guys I’m going to have to cancel my campaign for this week. I had some family stuff come up. I don’t know when I’m going to be available to run it again, but I’ll let you all know
s'aright bruh, you handle what needs handled
Aldreia
^’)
RARE MOB
( 'A')9 GIMMIE YOUR LOOT YOU SUMBITCH
*pocket sand*
‘)
)
*poof*
oo(`A') DAMN IT!
The rare mob actually leveled up enough times today to spec into it's next job skill.
Congrats on becoming a registered nurse, foo'. @Trin
@timlives  aphro played made in abyss sound track all stream said it was lit
he a real one
Animated spellbook is so nice
^ Free pathfinder map pack addon
I wanted to look into the Pathfinder 2e, and apparently the playtest rules pdf is free .......but the damn site isn't working
🐷
🐮
🐻
@Mujin followed a bunch of CR stuff on twitter and all the nerds trying to rule lawyer via twitter actually has me triggered
like 20 people tweeting at liam that he fucked something up but half of them are also wrong
Lolol yeah I only follow the cast cause I’m not putting up with that bullshit
part of me wants to tweet at all these people and site why they're wrong
Rule 0 bitch
Nu
RIP this plot-line
Ayyy lookit dis
^Dead Bitches
Lotte discovering a party member likes her:
Lotte discovering *all* the party likes her:
Oooh Jared can we get a smug Lotte face
can Lotte even be smug?
Not with that attitude
Method 1 - Race = Class - Branching Playstyles
-See Wakfu
Method 2 - each Race has 3 different Classes
-Classes may branch a bit?
Method 3 - Race and Class are separate, but each Class gets a unique quality depending on Race
-Classes may or may not be unavailable to certain races?
Shaman - Makes use of Totems to apply AoE effects to assist allies or deter enemies. Totems are representiative of animal spirits and when struck with a spell, perform a unique effect to the tiles around them. (Yeti)

Barbarian - Hardened warriors who use their fury to perform supernatural feats of physcal prowess. Can utilize Ice to keep enemies within their reach, and harm those that surround them. Accumulating Fury allows them to strike harder and stave off defeat. (Yeti)

Onmyoji - A caster that utilizes paper talismans to preform magical spells. Has varying effeccts if it lands on a tile or lands on a unit. Placing a talisman on a tile will result in a terrain affect on those who step in its range, while tagging a unit will do more concentrated effects on that unit. (Weeb)

Ronin - Utilizes a multitude of stances and techniques to adjust with the flow of battle. (Weeb)

Phase Knight - A swordman who steps through space to harry foes and attack from unexpected areas. (Etheral)

Void Caster - A magician who uses portals to alter their range and attack in unique ways. (Etheral)

Tracker - Works in tandem with a trusted animal partner to ruthlessly hound foes.

Golem Rider - Pilots a behemoth made of clay.

Orbital - Summons and utilizes tiny support drones to attack, support and hinder.

Heat Hexxer - Fights using fire, has to regulate their heat levels for optimal damage without burning themselves out.

Cleric - A dedicated member of the cloth who beseeches divine blessings to mend wounds, and guide their allies. (Holy)

Paladin - A holy warrior who seeks to protect his allies and smite his foes. Focuses on acting as a wall, and using their mighty shield to direct their foes. (Holy)

Doppleganger - A sneaky combatant who battles alongside a duplicate of themselves. Clever use of the double can allow for pincer attacks and getting out of unfavorable situations.

Venomancer - An assassin that relies on caustic mixtures to bring down foes.
alright
i got that hunger in my bones for D&D again
its over
the famine
Please father, give me the crops (/=A=)/
alright jared ready for new characters
also @mannie.exe any chance you can play
BROTHER?
IS THAT YOU BROTHER?
father is finally home from the smoke shop(its me im the dad)
its time
Oh it's you. I'll be in my room. Let me know if I need to get beer. Don't bother me please? I'm, uh, learning things.
so
bout to learn how to NOT DIE IN ONE TURN
yes or no
we are assembling troops
😮
I DON'T KNOW I JUST WANNA DIE
me rn
@Demi Tarot thoughts on duo campaign with u and mikil where you both have 2 characters
or if thats not interesting just a duo hero campaign
hm, I'd be fine if it was just the two of us, I personally have issues trying to do two characters at once, but I could at least give it a shot if you're unsure on being able to balance around less people and/or reluctant to pad our party with NPCs
Pglandabando
Pyka
I'm going to make a nun again, except
Tepkek
Ashfufuhehe
Gonna make Sister whatshername from Black Lagoon?
nah, but that's a good idea  down the line
"Boy a bunch of D&D things opened up, I'd better be careful not to go overboard"
Oolong "Fucking" Earlgrey, one of my art inspirations: "Yo I saw some of you guys say you were itching to play D&D, so I thought I'd run something small"
Me: 👀
Quite a ways off with the Andrew game and a few other things on my plate but uh,
interest in trying 4e at some point?
no i already have a cucks, second-hand judgement of 4e -- i'm good
I'll cuck you ( 'A')9
I thought you were a woman.
also did you just join as soon as Andrew left?
that won't stop me
hawt
I walked in and he screamed in primal terror and left
poor guy
probably joined in on him master
ing his new soundtracks for the next D&D campaign
that would be pretty extra if he learned how to muzak just to enrich the experience
no i had to practice with the boys
idk about 4e
not anytime soon jurd
@Demi Tarot @timlives think i need to delay our duo campaign, im too stressed/distracted by the tourney thing coming up to brainstorm
we do it next week
that's fine
though is it a delay if we never set a time?
true
@Demi Tarot can you help me think of a name for my character
I named myself after a fucking cake
please this is the hardest part
name yourself after a different cake
okay done
I found our cake
I mean.
I guess?
I got this strange urge to make a long-term kinda thing, like a good and wholesome 1-20, but I just know I won't be able to get a full party for that
That's just an idea man.
That's just an idea.
( '^')
('^' )
( '^') yeah?
@Demi Tarot @a ghost with purpose so we fukin' ?
I think we are post malone
damn
fock i still really wanna play
if we can squeeze it in today lemme know jurd
if your other session gets cancelled or something
heck
but its probably a next week thing
and thats fine
the pain in the ass thing is we're scheduling it around one guy's work schedule which is really inconsistent and whack and will probs be an issue with the other stuff I'm trying to plan around
if it happens at all
tonight seems to be set at any rate
but like I forgot the characterization for my characters already, and the wait's killed the hype, and I'm also in less of a desperate position than when I agreed ( =A=)
was it like weeks ago
yeah
LAST MINUTE CANCEL GOGOGOGOGO
*whips car around*
shiet i have
bidness
does this seem Charlottey? @timlives
I love it
nice
since the Windoll's one ability was oddly worded and kinda dull I replaced it with this

`***Overclock.*** As an action you can turn your key beyond it's usual means, your perception and reflexes temporarily increase as if time has slowed. For 1 minute you have advantage on Dexterity and Wisdom Checks, as well as attack rolls. When the effect ends you suffer one level of exhaustion.`

any idea if this sounds useful and/or balanced?
yeah it could be useful
like a mini haste, with a drawback
question is how many times you can use it in a day? like one or like until you kill yourself
I was thinking that stacking exhasution would be incentive to not abuse it, but if you want to kill yourself go for it
imagine some one else forcing the key to turn until the windoll just breaks
I mean that is a fucked up but possible thing to do I guess
I think since the increased awareness makes sense for Perception, it doesn't really make sense for other Wisdom type rolls, so I think I'll replace that with an AC bonus
`***Overclock.*** As an action you can turn your key beyond it's usual means, your perception and reflexes temporarily increase as if time has slowed. For 1 minute you have advantage on Dexterity checks and saves, as well as attack rolls. Additionally you receive +2 AC if you are not wearing heavy armor. When the effect ends you suffer one level of exhaustion.`
also the key has a bit of resistance to it, which is good indicator of when you're supposed to not crank it anymore, and it ramps up the more you twist, so like, twisting it till you immediately die takes a *lot* of strength and patience. Still could fuck'em up though
so it's not like every Windoll has a giant "please kill me switch" people can just grab, you need some torture device bullshit for that
still that's pretty fucked to think about
about the same as twisting someone's arm the wrong way
running some math with Overclock here, and I believe the exhaustion is a good drawback to give diminishing returns on using it so you don't spam it repeatedly unless you really need too.
0- Pop it, get all buffs, once it wears off; Disadvantage on Ability Checks
1 - Pop it, Advantage on Attacks, Dex Saves, Neutral on Dex Checks, +2 AC, once it wears off half speed.
2- Pop it, Same as above, once it wears off disadvantage on attacks and saves too
3- Pop it, neutral advantage, +2 AC; wears off half max HP
4- as above, wears off 0 speed
5- as above, wears off DIE
and needing a full rest to knock off each point is not trivial, so it can be a tough choice to decide when is best to use it.
@timlives @Demi Tarot our two becomes troi btw
c'est manifique
@Mujin oh ye jared needs a physical description to make a token
ah ye yew know it bruv
Shiiiiiiit give me a bit to think of it lol
nice
C
I did it first, I was a cake
🙃
have you guys seen wayfinders guide to eberron
Ylladina
Ylladiana
Yeeee I'm gunna be running a campaign with that here soon with some peeps from NKU
it looks cool
cheating on us with another group huh (;^; )
i didnt realize there was like an official thing for warforged now
What would be a language that would make sense other than common?
Nvm I thought of one
igpay atinlay?
jared you awake?
@Demi Tarot
allegedly
i may or may not have forgotten to reply
but would you be willing to design a banner for my twitch?
I could give it a shot
did you ever figure out that issue with paypal?
i could use my wifes to pay you. lemme message you real quick
I was confused and worried how you were going to pay me in wives
today in Demi makes tokens. WAVY HAIR FOR DAYS
everyone should have their tokens, so here's mine
Tired pretty boy
yes I am
your bard companion
hey, hey, if we're a group that goes around subduing mages....does that make us...Sorcerer Hunters?
@a ghost with purpose Please
Casmir
do we thing the thing tonight?
tmrw
heckity, hope FE gets canned again
I'll tell'em something came up ( =A=)
I don't know these peoples I don't owe them anything
idea for campaign
All the players are swole manly dudes, different classes and backgrounds but all have max Strength and Cha. They travel to recollect an artifact stolen from their holy order
💪 **THE BROTHERHOOD OF BROTHERHOOD** :muscle2:
if we are the tonight what time
I'd assume 8, is Andrew ded?
well he's not dead
or maybe he is
I can't now anyway my roommate is here
(v'^')v I fucked up other people's plans for this
We was Rob'd ( 'A')
@Demi Tarot you mean a Jojo campaign?
a bit too straight forward to be Jojo
Hokuto no Ken maybe
also Jojos get less swole past part 4
That’s true. I haven’t watched any of that yet though
do
I know! I'm like 5 episodes into Stardust Crusaders right now
Bois
So is this thing gonna habben
I can def do Saturday night
im going to be really busy the next 2 weeks, ill let you know on sat tho
What u doin chief
grinding leaderboard
@timlives  i'm 5 minutes into Enderal and i have to say. what the fuck?
"Witch Bolt is like a fine lady, she is generous enough to work multiple times off of one spell slot, but you gotta work for it, you can't just fire and forget like that magic missile thot" -Me
I can actually play D&D this weekend if you three are still down @Mujin @timlives @Demi Tarot
got real busy with the tournament
think I'm free
Hell to the yeah
we rollin at 8?
ye
where is The Lad @Mujin
how tall was chub golem
we getting that good D&Dick tonight
vague DM question Mr.DM
if you got a solid plot for something, but are still unsure if it's enough content for a session, how do you usually add to it to make it fun and engaging?
Start thinking about it. Writing it down if you have bad memory.
Go from detail to detail, scene to scene.
Both in the sense of us playing as players n' DM vs characters.
Then you can try to manage what moments happen when in terms of [ in-world { events, scenes, et cetera } vs. what we're looking to do as players ]. Like, we could easily just be doing nothing but talking, but it's made enjoyable for engagement -- right? So "content" is technically just what we're looking for, as players and DM, to get out of having a good old D&D.
So, just do what I do and try to take a very objective, cinematographer (moving illustrator's #relatability) approach to capture important details + a sense of what we'll be doing "offstage": talking, listening to you, (keep) rolling, rolling, rolling, _doing combat_, _attempting to interact with NPCs_, and _attempting to figure out what each of our character's likes so we can either piss each other off or make each other fall in love but hush that's a secret_.
@Demi Tarot hope that helps #NotARealDM
sort of
Well, if I simplify it, it just sounds stupid: a) define what "content" is, b) picture what the plot would be like "in performance"/IRL, c) ask yourself, "is there enough content"?
UNLESS YOU MEAN LIKE
loot tables
and cool shit
idk
since you're not (tee hee) *Party* to this I can probably be more specific IN THE SHADOWS
Hmmm.
HRRRRRMMMM.
I like this. I can take advantage of the fact that I have no time to play OR DM.
'^')
')
~*^*-~*
Also since Mandrew has the fire sword, perhaps Mikkle could have a defensive item so he doesn't get Astrid'd
though as a Cleric he should be able to slap on that sweet scalemail
god
Ken M
what an enigma
>that feel when you're sketch on an encounter because it's ranked as deadly, but you know what havoc your players can reek but you also know the dice can be rude, but you kno--
>that feel when that feel when that feel when that feel when that feel wh--
I feel.
@timlives @Demi Tarot the monsterfucker also has 2 parakeets
they're so annoying
🤣
oh loard
daren 2.0?
lord
this is a d&d horror story
"hello can you give me some info on this thing."
"no im sleeping, lets discuss it in the morning"
*i wait for the other player to fall back asleep then I stab him*
nice
sick dude
nice
Nani
i rejoined an old group and they have some new members that appear to be socially inept @Koala
Oh wait is it THAT old group?
uhh
dont remember which ones i bitched about
to you
There was the one that made the weird porn
yeah this dm has some published gay porn
that's not weird though
Oh wait you're not dm'ing with this one?
I remember the gay porn DM.
oh no
not the weird porn guy
i was dming that one
the guy that liked drawing really detailed vaginas and buttholes
i remember
gaping huge ones
yeap
Bleurgh
"can i cast locate object on the dragon"
"no"
"...but TECHNICALLY"
Sounds like that player is asking for some malicious compliance from the DM lol
just annoying overvocal rulebendy party member with annoying ass parakeets
at a table thats already overfull
7 players
"I cast Locate Object on the dragon"
>You have located a dragon
>It seems quite angry
Yeah that's ripe for some MC lol
Dragons ain't objects unless they're dead
ye
im in hate
y
1 player ruining the game
reeee
reeeee
@timlives which character do u think is mine
for the 1 shot
these are our tokens
pepehands
im playing an anime protaganist
seems right
send help
weve been killing hobgoblins for an hour
they dont stop coming
I'll send more hobgoblins to assist you
we'll kill them
its 8;25
1hr 30 minutes has passed
the surge of hobgoblins has stopped
we killed a couple a hundred of them
more march towards us
we closed the door
send help
they're breaking in
also im nicholas cage
@timlives
action surge
☕
holy shit
+2 rapier x6 and an offhand swing
1 missed
1 crit
uwu
90% of this campaign is the 2 party rogues arguing about rogue bullshit
im banning rogues in my next campaign
I roll to hide under the vampire's dress as a bonus action
pathfinder 2e is out, pdf is only 15 bucks. wonder if I should give it  look
How broken would a racial ability to make 1 shortsword or dagger per long rest that is a +1 but has a chance of breaking on use?
after consulting some other nerds I managed to knock it down to
`***Crystal Armory.*** A signature talent of the Chateau is the ability to create weapons from the latent mana in the air. During a long rest, a Chateau may create one of the following weapons: Dagger, Shortsword, or Javelin. You are proficient with these weapons.

Weapons created in this fashion are identical to their standard forms, but deal an additional 1d6 damage and break if a 1 is rolled on an attack roll.`
Nerd- Garumi
Ninja - Onira
Rotund - Patchu
Wet - Marta
Desert - Vendra
Phoenix - Fresia
do these work for species names of birb? I'm bad at this
Fat Birb - likes food, big ol wind breath, a chonk, lives in wooded areas.
Stylin Birb - greedy, most similar to traditional dragons with fire breath and treasure hordes. prefer hills and grass lands.
Swole Birb - believe might makes right, flightless, monstrously powerful, live in deserts.
Ninja Birb - have bone masks and poison breath, sneaky, lives in wetlands.
Smart Birb - loves knowledge, riddles and philosophy, lives in mountains and usually prefer solitude, can breathe illusionary fog
Wet Birb - uuuuh, lives in the ocean, not sure what it's deal is beyond that tbh
I finally finished it and homebrewery broke
done
Just the Midraul or the whol shebang? @Demi Tarot
allllll
except some lore bits
hell yeah
lorbits
I feel this
ayyy
Pinned a message.
my brain is doing a heck, and wants me to work on a thing without really giving me much to work with so I'm just going to ramble in this channel to clear the gunk out or something since no one else is around to receive my primordial word vomit
I know not the concept or tone for this new setting and system, but a concept I'm wanting to explore is unique feeling classes that are somewhat intermingled with race/species. The hell does that mean? Well basically the main focus with playstyle is one the class itself, whose significance or abilities is intertwined with the abilities and culture of the world's races
since I've not come up with anything yet, I'll use Wonderlust races as an example since that was sort of how that setting worked until I retooled magic and junk
a Choir Mage or War Dancer are two different kinds of classes that would play differently, but their expertise and abilities, and origin are with the Fasolatis. So rather than selecting a Fasolati and noting it's racial abilities, then picking a class from the class abilities and writing all that down, you would just be like "I want to play a Choir Mage this time." and your character would happen to be a Fasolati and any relevant racial abilities would be rolled into the class's kit
My goal with creating classes is to A) make them fairly unique while still having them be categorized by roles so people can glean their purpose for party comp B) give them abilities useful in and out of combat and C) give them some degree of variation/customization so that players can have some degree of uniqueness with their characters
in regards to that, I was pondering on the implications of if a class was reliant on a specific weapon or weapon type i.e a unique cultural weapon (like a Midraul's quillblade) or a specialized weapon, such as enchanted swords/bows/ pact weapon,s how that would affect treasure and loot one may gather. Since that's not something easily replaced by some magic sword you find laying around
another quandry was of classes that focus around a single element and how it may end up in rough patches against things that would resist it. I suppose that's a matter of having allies cover their weak spots, design to avoid such narrow attack avenues, or simplify things down to magical and physical damage with elements being flavor but that's awfully limiting
one setting concept is like isolated "worlds" drifting in a "Cosmic Sea" which is an ocean that looks all galaxy-y or something. Or just Floating Islands, those are always in vogue right?
So stats
The rolling from 3 to 18 is an artifact we’re used to but some people find confusing
This is new and not anchored by tradition
I also aim to not have any truly useless stats like Int seems to be so often in 5e
There’s been a temptation to merge int and wis, but as someone who understands the nuance between the two and love to see characters high in one and low in the other, I am loathe to do so
Since Races are rolled into class anyway I imagine you get a handy bump to relevant stats by default
I like the idea of tying race & class, I think it can provide for more flavorful classes and with subtypes/archetypes you can cover the typical class types
Exactly
hm
Is this fair play @timlives
Actual possibility
Yes
One thing I know I'll have. Piggy Merchants, cause Piggy Banks
looking through 4e and 5e to see what kind of out of combat features some classes get. The way 4e parses things is kind of confusing since I'm not familiar with it, but at the very least it does look like Rogue has some "powers" that are used out of combat, letting you re-roll a bluff check as an "encounter" ability
and most spells you use out of combat seem to be "rituals" instead of mixed together
gotta be an easier way to have some character customization than having an assload of moves on a list to choose from. Granted it is kind of neat to have things besides a basic slash to choose from, y'know
4e splits up your levels in 3 tiers from 1-30 and it seems you always have 2 "at-will powers" that are your basic things you can use every turn. You keep the same ones the entire time but are allowed to "retrain" them at points.

Utility powers seem to be a mix of combat or non-combat but basically are non damaging, you don't start with any at level 1, you get one at level 2 and you get a new one every 4 levels having 7 at max level

and you get daily (once per long rest) and encounter (once per short rest) powers until you cap at like 4, then you get the option to replace them, with your 4th encounter ability being gotten when you hit 11, and your 4th daily power at 20
and Feats are just every even number
but yeah it's mostly pulling attacks from a list, except sometimes you get non-hurting abilities that work just about the same
at any rate it seems like you never really gain any passive abilities other than starting Class Features
Rope? Lamp Oil? Bombs? You want it? it's yours my friend! as long as you have enough gems!
oing
:FrogChamp:
so Armor. in D&D as we know armor = AC which is the rate of if you take damage or not.
So Bulky Armored things rarely get hit, or rather in narrative they may be hit but not take damage.
what if that AC was merely "Evasion" and Heavier Armors could lower it, but also more damage reduction?
only downside there is you can't really have evasive armors unless they were enchanted, because really how do you improve on dodging and mobility than just being naked ( '^')v
I like it
You may not get evasive armors, but evasion should def. be a product of other skills like DEX.
Makes sense that you can train yourself to better D O D G E
and we know good ol 3rd edition had touch and flat footed ACs
and in those days the AC was an additive bonus, as opposed to 5e where it becomes the new base
3e also had dex limits on all armors, but was mostly inconsequential unless it was Heavy Armor  and some degrees of medium armor
and there were also "armor check penalties" applied to a handful of skills
lot of shit to remember
interestingly in 4e, which uses 3.x's Will, Fort, and Reflex saves still, Intelligence and Dex were both stats that went with Reflex, so having high Int meant you could still dodge things reliably even if your dex was lower
4e also had a good handful of abilities and powers that scaled with stats you wouldn't expect meaning dump stats were rarer
the Warlord actually is a Strength focused class that makes good use of Intelligence and Charisma, being a sort of battlefield tactician
man the Warlord is really cool actually. one of the "at-will" powers straight up has an ally attack someone and uses YOUR int mod as a bonus to damage
and another one does a kind of weak attack (it deals damage based on your str modifer alone, no dice roll) BUT you choose an ally and it gets a bonus to attack and damage on that same target based on your Cha modifier
okay one thing I was confused about that is explained way the hell later A basic ass attack is still available and valid
my studies in comparing and contrasting 5e to 4e have been fun. So far I Think the one bit of 4e actually throwing me off is the "Rituals" business for most spells
since a lot of other spells are "powers" which generally are attacks, but as I've now seen is not always the case
well generally all powers are attacks except utility powers which may or may not be combat focused
like Wizards can get Feather Fall as a utility power, that works as one would expect, but can only use it once per long rest, and it can be used whenever
I think a thing that might throw people off is how using skills to deal with shit in the environment is considered a "non combat encounter" so when it says "only encounters are important so just kind of vaguely describe moving from point A to point B" it basically means to lightly describe junk until you hit an important detail that actually requires rolls and thought
that couple with people being fussy about how they changed casters is probably why 4e was damned so harshly.
I'd need to play it myself and see
with that Int = Reflex mention it reminds me of in World of Darkness, initiative was always higher of dex or wits
Wizards can have AoE spells at level 1 as at-will abilities ( 'A')
the trade off is they get a lot of AoE and Debuffs but don't do a mega lot of damage and this made people upset
Fighter's get moves that change effects based on the type of weapon you're using
I feel like 5e’s archetypes may be the best route for class customization
Or something akin to Wakfu
Where classes had a set mechanic and 3 elemental sets of moves that focused on different things
There though the only thing keeping you from doing all 3 was efficiency and stat allocation
And grinding
Generally people stick to two
A criticism I’ve seen for DnD is social interactions being bare bones
How does one make it more mechanical without being awkward?
Mechanical yet not awkward. That's hard.
The responsibility generally varies from DM to player group, and so does the "solution" yeah?
You _could_ study it and come up with a system that works.
You'd literally have to study human behavior and narrative structures (or just roll the dice).
Did you have an idea for a system that would help?
Nope
I know I don’t want it like Burning wheel where arguments play out like combat encounters
Really I don’t see much wrong with having a difficulty based in the person’s standing with you and it can sway based on your actions
But don’t allow rolls if they’re unneeded or if it’s impossible so someone can’t just bypass all logic with a lucky roll
So I've been rambling about a new tabletop system project thing, yeah?
I'm thinking as someone who loves to marry plot and mechanics together so much, and given my desire of having classes being very lore driven...I think it might help me focus if I decide what kind of world I'm dealing with
@mannie.exe now
my man
anal bead
nice
i took two spells for you jared
E gril dargon
She's with the party because once the Paladin dies she's going to take his gold ass armor and add it to her loot horde s( '^')z
but also the party slapped her in combat at some point before the one-shot so she's honor bound to *try* to keep you alive as best as she is able
andews fire ball impressed her
[b]ireball
did he use it in the water?
Fire🅱️all
frick
these are for u
i dont want them
Enflarge
so doubling back from my rambling of another system
I've decided to scuttle back to my whack ass primal craftin and evolvin game
and I think I have enough bullshittery to try...actually making some playtest rules
THUS I'm undergoing my hardest ordeal yet: organizing my thoughts into a digestible format
also
I need to figure out how to organize the shit
michael's one shot got me in the mood to run a d&d campaign so if you two wanna play lemme know @Koala @Mujin
here's my intro/hook write up so y'all can brew up some characters early :
Your party will be a team of adventurers investigating the ruins of an ancient city long thought lost(think like atlantis but undermountain instead of underwater). Mysterious and rumored to be filled with riches, you will not be the only adventurers here. We'll talk about why exactly everyone is here and where everyone is from during session zero when I have factions built and a map made but if you wanna play start thinking of a character that would have some interest or stake in investigating this ruined city. This campaign is starting at level 1 and I wanna take it at least through like level 12, though we might go further. Prefer no one brings an evil character initially, if you really wanna play one we'll work something out or they can come in later.
oh for you two that weren't in the call earlier this story is related to the book im trying to write, its the same setting but set in an earlier era. Won't be any author/dm railroading syndrome but part of this is me wanting to flesh out some history of the world im trying to build
voila channel made, lore dumped, ill be around all day trying to reset my sleep schedule awaiting questions and feedback
:worryStareLick:
:wow:
:gachiBASS:
*Our-Phistopheles*
I can be a halfling with a +1 con making the penalty -2 instead of 3
and be a tiny sickly halfling caster and no one can hurt me because they'd feel too guilty
Bandits attack
*tiny cough*
"aw. Don't feel bad miss, here you can have this wallet, buy some nice food"
Michael: That's *my* wallet
I have considered being a cavalier at some point, thinking being a smoll person riding on a thing (since it is less confusing that figuring out where I am on a large creature) I assume we'd be in a spot where riding around on things won't be a hindrance
Given how theologically driven the setting is, and how most casters are glared at, it makes sense for there to be a lot of divine casters, but at the same time as a party comp I gotta wonder how much is too much (v'^')v
is themeing good? should I diversify our portfolio?
then again while the location is of religious significance I think we're in neutral territories and are basically given a free pass to be a bit heretical to get the job done..
hm
what is the possibility of me being a necromancer?
you ready to pull up your big boy britches and be a wizard?
necromancer odds are really low but not impossible
and jared this is a world where divine entities and powers are very very real and tangible, especially in contrast to how few other sources of 'power' there are. The road of faith is easy and bountiful but also represents the 'system' so to speak. The man, or woman in this case, ain't gonna bring me down and personally I'd never play a divine class in this setting because i prefer more rebelious characters. tho the origins of the dreaming goddess and the blending of myth and truth in a setting of magic and real gods are themes i want to explore. Theology is very important to the setting like you said but whether its important to your characters just depends on where you wanna start on this spiritual scale. Hard to be atheistic when real gods slap the shit out of you. And for the faithful well, what do you do when  your theology differs from reality. Some of this will be more apparent after the first few sessions when i can express more of the tone im going for
hope that helps
my brain is homing in on a few concepts
this is d&d afterall so the beauty of it will be whatever coolness you guys bring to the table and where it interacts with the themes i wanna present
i can try to extrapolate more if you need me to, always hard to tell how coherently im transcribing something from my brain
I get what you mean
I think I try really hard to adhere with what works with the setting first before I attempt to subvert things
like in that brief Bonswan game you did, It was very obvious we were part of a rude ass cruel privileged government and were probably expected to question that and not be irredeemable monsters in the face of logic, but we weren't, we did our jobs ( '^')v
over time my character probably would have got sickened or disillusioned by it, but at that moment that was all she knew
yeah that story i wanted to present some shittines in the world and see what you guys wanted to do about it over time
and also I guess when I see someone's homebrew I do my best to respect the structure and rulings they bring forth and try to be creative within the boundaries. Dunno, always strikes me as weird when I bring up entirely new ideas, and rather than exploring what makes a race what they are people immediately act to subvert expectations...before even building expectations
though given this is still mostly a D&D world that's less of an issue
i tried to leave room for all walks of life, for example if charles really wanted to play a necromancer theres room for an origin story in Qurg or as a Lorixian exile or even if he wanted  to be from Ifen and his origin story was theres a secret order of necromancer planning to seize control of the church from the shadows then bang thats whats happening. I love letting PCs set the foundation for a faction for example i wasnt entirely sure what i wanted to do with Yten but Bolton's scholar helped me establish that this is a place of knowledge and study tho that study is crippled by tradition and prejudice
same goes for mikes monk its gonna help me find the foundation for what the hell is going on over in Apora
basically i dont really hold any of this lore as more than a loose framework meant to fit around whatever we need for the story and besides a few set piece characters and events theres nothing i really deem as sacred and immutable
I think my current ideas are
-Aasimar Divine Soul Sorc Ara Ara Mom
-flip the script and be Fallen Aasimar Shadow Sorc Big Tiddy Goth GF
-Shy Awkward Halfling Bug-rider from Ebreth, who due to being on the lower caste is horrible with people, but has a fondness for animals.
-an Eladrin Martial class (likely a Rogue) from Qurg
-maaaaybe a serious lady knight (I've been watching a Xenoblade 2 LP and Morag's on the brain)
1 is basically mini version of the goddess, youd be very popular everywhere. 2 is my personal shameless favorite, 3 is fun idea but i think this table has plenty of shy and awkward already, for 4 i think Qurg is fucking awesome and i hope at least someone plays a Qurg. 5 is fine of course but needs more development
about my same sentiments
honestly I would lean most towards 1 or 2 I think this group very well needs some sort of conscious that keeps them honest and pulls up their reputation or altneratively if you choose the shadow sorc this party will definitely have a lot of "the world is against us" vibes and you'll find a lot of closed doors to bust down, at least socially
1 has some good pairing potential too like you're from Ifen and of pretty good social status so much that paladin charles was sent as your personal bodyguard, or something similar
if of course charles wants to play a pally
me when jared makes art for our D&D chars
What would a necromancer for plants and trees be called?
necrobotanist
:POGGERS:
what do you even wanna do as a plant necromancer
do you make zombies out of plants
are you just a farmer thats really bad at letting go
join vc and ill tell ya my ideas
So what’s Chuck got in mind since I can’t hop in VC
If he still wants to be a Necrobotanisr there’s the Circle of Spores Druid
uhhhhhhhh
I was _in_ this call when they were doing this but I forgot.
he made a paladin
There's also a new druid subclass called the Circle of Spores that's centered around decay and gets Animate Dead too. It's actually incredible mechanically too.
I saaaaaaaid that, but not in as much detail
Oh shiiiid I didn't see
Yea I changed it to paladin because I'm still new to DnD and I don't wanna ruin my experience by playing something way too complicated for my level.
a lot of new peeps struggle with spellcasting
it's not *super* complicated but it does require some extra work
some rules to it aren't as obvious as they should be, and some things are just kinda weird
like, some spells are labeled as needing material components, but you don't really need the specific material if you have, like a staff or something, but there is a material pouch item...that also just has anything you may need
unless it explicitly states you need a material that is a jewel worth a certain amount
would have been easier just to say it has a Focus component or something
also some spells are bonus actions, but you can't use a spell as an action and a bonus action on the same turn, unless it's a cantrip (level-0 spells you have infinite uses of)
and some classes require you to prepare spells, meaning you select a handful from a list of all the spells you know every long rest to have access to that day. This is sometimes a pain for Clerics and Druids because they know EVERY SPELL they have access too (we usually just write down the ones we know we'll actually use)
Sorcerers don't have to deal with that bullshit, at the cost of utility
and Warlocks....they have a completely different way of using their spells
:peepoBlurry:
I'm totally down to play a slutty monk
Did you all end up doing anything last night with character planning?
Heck no.
no but we can do it today if you want
Jared got blazed and drunk, and I simply got blazed, then we played Overwatch.
I don't have a ton of time until after like 10
AND I MISSED IT!?!?!
Yep.
DAMN
It was great.
Jared got all posh and shit.
It was GLORIOUS
And I transcended the fold of spacetime -- again.
well you can still make your character I just won't be there
I'll just wait it won't take me too long
honestly
WHO
WANTS
TO
OVERWATCH
shit man, I could. though my net was being a rough customer
I should be able to in like 30 minutos
then we sall convene in 30 minutes
@here Psst.
I give up >:c
Me: Boy I sure do want to play video games
My PoS Internet:
lol
This is my character
•_•)
<)   )╯ahhh my back
 /    \

\(•_•)
(   (>  my fuckin back, man
 /    \

(•_•)
<)   )>  i need to stop sitting like this
 /    \
What
Now that one I understand
Isn't that, like, half of what people post as art on tumblr?
no half the artists on tumblr do "fixed" versions of anime characters where they are no longer "white" (despite being japanese)
...and then they gender bend them
*cough*
_hack wheeze_
[*coughs in spanish*]
but yeah no Tumblr "headcanoning" characters as trans becasue they don't fit a gender role is ass backwards as FUCK
Is that the Third Arm Sash from Xiaolin Showdown?
more or less really
That show was awesome
Ah, tumblr, where characters that don't fit gender roles are thereby "trans" in order to shoehorn them into opposite gender roles
And same sex characters are clearly homosexual for each other
This is kinda getting side tracked but I found it applicable
like I'm all for more representation, but they try to hard to find things, and they gotta reeeeeeeach
and throw a hissy fit if you accidentaly do something racist by not following their racist doctrine
like not understanding that lighting makes skin look lighter even if you have dark skin
or that villains do bad things, and that does not mean the person who drew it condones that
and that you don't need a trigger warnign for pomegranites
I still lose my shit every time I see someone tag literally any drawing or photo with Scopophobia
If I was actually at my desk my head would be through it I'd headdesk so hard
I wrote a thing to summarize Mystics so that I would better grasp them myself.
@Demi Tarot @timlives ^^^
Not to mention that this kinda shit actually trivializes actual mental issues to the point that it makes things more difficult for people that actually suffer
yup
petition for this to be our battle music
or this
my Laptop's bullshit default gateway bug is gonna make rollign dice and being in a call a hassle, so I'll sit at my desktop
can I ocme home now
any of you fartwads need a token?
Nah I'm just going to use edward kenway as one for now
but muh uniformity
I mean I'm not going to turn one down
Short, raven, side-swept hair fall upon an lightly oaken face. The dark-skinned creature, despite the slight limp, moves with a purpose -- then stubs his toes on a barrel and retaliates against the world by glaring at that damn barrel.
is Miss Cleo your actual appearance or a placeholder
NEXT TIME: The party goes to Woodrow only to find the Wood has recently been ploished and waxed (and they don't have shoes for some reason)
But the next town we're going to is named Wooford. ( '^')v
@here Hey wanna blubberbap?
o mai
Fookin rekt
Justine's body type is probs like
Anime body type
yeah
With two genetic anomalies on her chest lol
you're a genetic anomaly
My anime body type
Naked.
And neither wears a bra
justine wears a bra, or did you mean that Tifa
I was talking about Mike
And also tifa
when you get tired of holding your skewers after running around all day
sometimes I design an outfit and end up having to design their underwear in a way that will actually fit under it without showing itself
Dem hips
<> NSFW
<> NSFW
those some commissions?
first one sora, 2nd is my response to the artist drwing Wisp's boobs a bit larger than canon
not that its a bad thing, jsut funny
lol
having a stroke
rip
I winned a raffle
Jesus Christ.
That's great.
of the 8 schools of magic in DnD, which would you say is the "English Major"
I'd say Divination or Illusion
wait no Illusion would be any of the creative arts majors
most likely theater
either could work. this character I'm making for a one shot is pretty much a fresh out of wizard school elf wizard who can't land a job
Lol I'd say go with Illusion, you probably have more stuff to work with for the lols
be part of whatever the fuck a wizard school interpretive dance theater group would be
"This mist-image of a carrot actually symbolizes the extreme gender inequality of lower kobolds"
"I can't go back home! but if I can't get into the guild its either that or...or...I have to do tricks behind the tavern!"
*cuts to her pulling a rope of scarves out of her sleeve*
"Turn tricks behind the tavern" -> magically rotating paying customers in the air
badge pickup line 2 long
Ugh, it seems so cool yet so much time is spent waiting in fucking lines
I'm going even going to attempt the big balls mo
halls
What did you say there
attempt the big halls *
WOW AREN'T YOU COOL YOU FAG
yeah but where are the waifu fleshlights hmmmmm
They're, uh, around.
prob next to the body pillows
We know you bought it
downright wearing it
I bought a mystery box
Oh neeaaat.
it came in a giant fucking egg
random anime show rooms
@Demi Tarot Don't forget to eat your oatmeal.
I hate oatmeal
@Demi Tarot D&D? Hello?
>just met him yesterday
>known him for years
@Mujin
man this has become lovely
lovely
lonely
If you're not back by 9 im cancelling the game
he'll fuckin do it
Justine walking back to the bar?
it's doomfist
Ooooh neeeeaaaaat.
Y'know, I swear I was still mentally there, and coherent, and I *still* dunno how we got into the Squirrel argument
It was probably because I was drunk and couldn't get my point across in a good way lol
let's never do that again
I mean it was hilarious, and I was still coherent, but mom told me I was being too loud becaue I was trying to talk over you guys ( .v.)
It started as the characters arguing over why they were helping a bunch of squirrels and devolved into a mess of arguing in and out of character due to intoxication, being cross-faded, and fatigue
Yeah, let's go back to having sessions on Saturday
y'all are WEAK
I had been awake for 20 hours by the end of last night :/
Work exhausts me simply with the hours
HEH.
sure lets go with that
Adam Savage just skateboarded by
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?
HOLY SHIT.
yeah
he just came from the imdb yacht
since Halfling and Gnomes look so damn similar in most art I'm trying to sort these out, with bonus dorf
@here *bzzt* REQUESTING BACKUP GOGOG- *bzzt*
I'm at the shittiest internet time zone
Nigga I just woke up
Same, but I guess I had my parents arguing to wake me up pretty fast.
but do those designs seem Halflingish to you
Oh yeah! They look cool.
Fitting as 1/2lings for shure.
probably gonna be a stand back and pew people with a crossbow more than a stand there and hwack peple with a Mace kinda Cleric
Knowledge Domain
good job Jurd
@here Hey guys check out all this progress I've made on my sick new resume:
Wellp, time to delete it.
now just have some small text in the middle that says "I do it"
And by that, you _did_ mean just delete it and then stare at an empty Photoshop file again, right?
oh shit your name is actually manpreet
Ain't that some shit, aye?
not gonna lie when I call you manpreet sometimes that's just a joking guess
Congrats. You figured out that when I said my name is the "John Smith" of Indian I _wasn't_ kidding.
I don't remember that
but yeah
It could only get more stereotypical is if your last name was Singh-Patel
Ahuehauha. That would be breaking a few conventions, actually.
Like combining "Johnson" with "Richardson" and making "Richardjohnson".
Smith-Johnson
Singh-Patel
well
according to American/western hyphenating conventions
Fair enough.
@Demi Tarot @Koala Wanna fug a dug in Dug Gayme?
@Demi Tarot @sk Either of you? Duck Game?
need more slep
Aye. We played some and stopped anyway.
Save some energy then go to bed later.
Take two. I feel like I'm reaching into Mike's resume too much.
Did you know I had two Mike's Hard Lemonades left from the 6-pack I got last Friday?
@Mujin @timlives @Koala Its not my CPU! My CPU temperature is fine! The fucking chipset is 127C right now!
I can't tell if that's a gross miscalculation or not, but I touched the tip of my finger to the chipset and had I instantly recoiled from its heat...
I think I need to move my GPU to a different slot, or get a chipset cooling block lel.
Okay. Nevermind. I'm confused.
My CPU temperature is still fine, but the temperature that I _thought_ was the CPU is actually just switching between 127-8C and -127-8C.
I think that's just misreads.
I'm confused.
Fucking computers, man.
hi
Wtf your mobo is overheating?
I got a fannie pack from syfy
it makes me cooler
@Koala Yep.
For some odd reason the two big fans in the front of the case are apparently not cutting it.
I'm assuming.
My computer crashed the moment I opened up Overwatch twice, my CPU and GPU temps. were fine, and my drivers are up to date.
The only thing particularly "hot" in my PC was the chipset.
Yeah, my CPU and GPU are both around 46C rn in-game.
That's gotta be a bigger problem than just the fans not cutting it
#it'safanthing
is your computer dust free
Yep.
Bah! idc.
I still plan to buy a new mobo, CPU and case soon anyways.
Except, ya' know, need this "job" thing first.
Lame.
micro ocarina ❤
n1ce
:
The direction I've ended up going so far. ^
Sick curves.
@Mujin @timlives
Thoughts?
@mannie.exe I feel like it would benefit a lot from expanding the white space both more to the top and to the left. I would also make sure to add Rainy Day Media as another bit of experience. Once you expand the white space a little bit, it will help you fit that all in. Overall, looks awesome!
I can give a business student's perspective on it in a few
But yeah, expand the usable white space to create more room to put more experience
Gotcha.
I'll show you my resume as well
I'm not certain about what I wanna do with the profile section. I feel like I've seen more examples of people just using it as a short introduction, but @sk suggests I do more with it somehow.
I'd say short intro
Because a hiring mgr doesn't want to spend a lot of time reading
Should I make it less personal or non-relevant to the field of work than it is right now?
It should be to the point about what kind of work you want to do and your goals regarding your work
Gotcha.
is there a joke here
Nope.
No joke.
Just the Moby.
Yes
Our lives
nonono jokes are funny
No, they have to exist first to count.
It's dark humor
dark humor is still funny
@Demi Tarot OVERWATCH?
no sankyu
oke
no I wouldn't add to it
I would reduce it
I think my intro section is one sentence
and I have limited prose except in the experience section
@mannie.exe
I would expand on your iron yard studd
@Mujin Finished the other assessment as well! Yaaaay!
Just to get tabs on things, who all wants to be a part in the one shot I'm putting together?
@Demi Tarot? Still interested in that one shot with @Mujin?
o?
o/
I now @timlives was considering it as he wants to play as well.
Yay! That's at least two people as of now, @Mujin. Stephan and I.
Cool! I've got some good ideas now so I can actually talk to you all about making your characters now lol
Schweet!
ye
get schweety
@here Who wants to _DIE_?
@Koala @Demi Tarot @sk Yes?
workk
I have to visit a lawyer later too
then maybe trivia night and drinking
wot why do you have a to visit a lawyer
did sk do a drug?
I feel like I have acute deathitis
I'm not super keen on the whole dying part, but yeah
I love when discord posts things twice when you d/c
edited goat people to not have goat genitals
neato
shit broke, good sign that my OW quota for the day is over
fucking Austrailia
oi you wanna fight cunt
Wow that's quite Australian.
I think.
I'm glad.
Actually, that's pretty much what that girl told me. @Demi Tarot @Koala @Mujin
Oh sheet
Maybe she just wants to bang
v( '^')v
DOOMFIST TODAY MOTHERFUCKERS
pick a power
I already have absorb bad luck
I just cashed in my $40 Blizzard balance for 50 Overwatch lootboxes now that the reduced duplicate update is out.
Too bad my entire computer crashes each time I launch Overwatch.
I don't think its an overheating issue anymore. @Koala @timlives
ri[
rip
@Mujin LET'S GO.
@Demi Tarot @Koala You guys interested in some _PLAY_?
I guuuuuuuuuuess
this sums up my mental state
10/10
That was a great trip.
Thank you.
we DnDoodling tonight?
Can't tonight
alrighty then, did Mike ever say anthing else about the oneshot, I remember him wanting to talk about it before but I was asleep
Soon ®
Yeah I was under the assumption we wouldn't be doing it tonight since @Koala said he couldn't the last session.
are you sassing me
Uh, I don't think so.
But he is assing you
I _don't_ thiiiink so.
@here Bigglesnatch?
*ur* a bigglesnatch
let me food
@Demi Tarot Where'd you go?
I disconnected before I even got the game open. I'm just gonna take the hint.
That's fair.
these have gotten too meta
what the fuck
I'm watching Miss Kobiyashi's Amine Dragon Toddy with my gf
gay
Ikr
@here are we doing the thing?
do you hate cute boys
I thought we didn't do Saturndays because NuMike was with Lady Jadey
Yeah I think @Mujin's busy.
Not sure.
Update? @Mujin
I want @Koala  to know every normal npc from here on out is going to be a cute boy
step up from every lesbian being a manly amazon ( '^')
there was one
techncially two but only one did anything theo ther remained a background character.
and the other one was straight just major role reversal
unless she was a beard
but this place seems progressive enough for that to not be necessary
fun fact: no one rolled high enough to preceve that the air is in fact densely packed lesbians
tfw sexuality is physical in form
and is a building block of matter
Yeah pretty sure its a no-go for tonight.
damn
you guy don't get to encounter the gay squrriels tonight
GREAT.
god, why continue living
10/10
Grand.
wow what a god
Idea: Smooth Criminal, but all instances of "Annie" are replaced with Rick saying "Morty"
YES.
apart from just the name of the server, I always imagine this as the background music of this place
The entire OST for sure, but maybe Lost Painting in particular since its got that **deep ambience**.
I mean in particular Marble Gallery seems to fit a bunch of jackasses just sitting around talking about dumb shit in some weird castle
I don't like to think of it that way unless Michael is around.
Quality text.
Wellp. Time to get buzzed and play platformers.
Ahh that's great.
y'know we've talked about it hither and yon, but why have we never straight up did a Dark Souls n' Dragons thing?
or something with a similar feel
We did
It was called Nechronica
Lol
you didn't play Nechronica
Besides, Nechronica is hardly Dark Souls n' Dragons.
@Mujin @Demi Tarot @Koala
OVER
WAAAAAAAATCH?
_ye?_
sho
I can later
nevermind it won't let me log in now
I can hear you fiiiine.
@Demi Tarot
Well idc, you might've DC'd now.
Been awfully quiet.
yeah
okay so as it is what it is, Telduria is a Fridizzle endeavour, yeah? Though, the amount of times per month we can playificate it is limited to when Stephan of House Koalawalladingdong is available, so effectively a couple of times a month? correct?
probaly
so on the days of Saturn, who is avail with minimal fail?
probaly you
( '^') no shite ya dingus, why you think I'm askin
( 'A')-🗡 YOU WANNA GET CUT?
( '^')o *ahem*
I was chomped by the DM bug, probably fatal, but as I wither and die I desire to be the master of fate ( '^')/
I can do the Saturn for a few weeks
then to you 3ple people. What do you desire?
a better life, not to be sad all the time, to feel like I can feel again
How about escapism?
good enough
what flavor, power metal, radioactive fallout, or dead girl?
Power metal is good, but radioactive fallout sounds tempting. Then again i like dead girls. I guess I play what ever everyone else want to
everyone else s( '^')v
fuck
where did they go ( '^')
ded
is there a way to make my computer not make like a gig of memory dump files in the span of a few days?
probaly
all the info I see is all like "it memory dumps on a crash, and you can turn that off" but CCleaner is all like "if you clean your drive you can get rid of a GB of space" and its all form memory dump files, soooo, I don't remember crashing
I'm not sure what would be causing that
Windows 10 being Windows 10 probably
yah
like 7 and 8 were fine, but 10 is like "Y'know that stuff that worked fine in everything else and were jsut kind of established as the status quo of how computers worked?"
"Yes?"
( 'w')-[O]] *Delete*
My Computer is now called This Computer for no reason, and its not even readily accessible from the friggin' start menu, I gotta search for it
and don't get me started on Cortana
what the hell
yeah the Start menu is now like....mostly ads
damn
When your DM takes the Random in the Random Encounter Chart too far
Mannie the man man man
sup
do you have a vote for game
Power metal or radioactive fallout.
I vote radiout fallactive
Apopalypse it is
time for LISA
ah bloody hell they changed the classes for 2E a lot
Book
 new 2E classes
@mannie.exe can you pin what Jurd linked
danke
@Mujin @timlives
I'm done.
Mannie I think I caught your Wanna Dietis
Great.
Except, like, not.
also Stephy Nicks, we were considering keeping the setting, but swapping systems to Fate to allow some more flexibility. that cool wit'chu?
Fate?
Eh, sure?
Do I still get to shoot things and speak like a good ol boy?
yes
Deal.
though to properly complete the Character Creation process I need you all to unite
I can prob unite once me parents are in bed
Help
my family is watching Walker Texas Ranger
but Mikkel is in dead
@here ey
wut
Overtale?
biz
doin wut
drawin
OH HEY ALL YOU THREE FUCKERS ARE ONLINE AT THE SAME TIME
@mannie.exe and @Koala too
Hi
I'm prepping for dinner.
I need you all to unite to make charred acters
Also poop
eat your poop
I said I was prepping for dinner
by eating poop
No
By poopin
Look at Mr. on the ball here, planning to shit out his food before he even eats it
I guess it's just one of those little signs that you've got your shit together
oh he is doing a reverse chronoshit
That, and the splash
...the memes _are_ getting stronger...
I mean, uh, line?
nanomachines son
That works
Indeeeeed.
OH.
STEPHAN.
WHAT
fuccboiii
k bye
I'm on my way home right now. Be there in 5
10/10
dead
Figured out what was going on with my desktop. Turns out the same issue I was having with my work computer was happening with this one. Just flushed my dns and reset my ipconfig and badabing everything works now
woo
Better download some more RAM just to be safe
what are the Arpeejee plans for this weekend?
YES.
FUG
Today I saw Big Guy
GUESS WHERE I SAW HIM MICHAEL
The cosmetics section of the Wal-Mart?
yup
Being retarded but not retarded enough?
so I made small talk, and mom was like " I'll go on ahead and you can stay and talk a bit."
and so I was like [Top 10 anime betrayls]
Rip
Did he start talking about league
actually no, just that he hardly gets on the internet anymore and that he managed to get a raise. wasn't all that unpleasant to be honest, still got out of there as soon as I found a smooth break because his manager swooped by and I didn't want to get him in trouble for making small talk
had to explain to mom "you know how every group of people has that one guy that you have to add "bless his heart" ot the end of every story about him? That was ours."
MY SIDES
yep big guy makes more than me now
*slurping noises*
againskies, what's our RPG situation looking like this weekend so I know if we're running D&D or Fate
I'm down to dizzle
I'm free
"AHHHHHHHHHHHH"
WHAT ARE WE DOING
🔫-('A' ) IF I DON'T GET ANSWERS I'LL START SHOOTING
Well I presume we're doing Telduria tomorrow night? @timlives
@here everyone on board with that?
So tonight we could do Fate?
Yeah
NO. No Fate from me. I'm busy.
I could do Telduria tomorrow or tonight, but another session would be too much right now.
so teldur tonit
yu
you're not micheal that's not your call to make ( 'A')9
( '^')9
oicunt
you tryna ave a row
idk but I'm here tonight.
Oh man!
I forgot how weeks worked and how I had friends for a moment!
fuck you too >:c
@here probably going to be later than 8 tonight. My family's been eating dinner on the later side
_*gusp*_
_gosp_
Can you please stop narrating my life?
said Mannie, clearly frustrated.
as he read the words he was mildly unerved that they were predicitng his every move, like the fact he was touching his face. He reels back in surprise.
Nah. That's didn't hit at all!
But hey, remember this?!
THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST
Except, I didn't hear this for the first time until a few months ago.
So this is like, supa' new to me.
I feel legitimately upset about that for no reason.
what would you do if you were walking alone in the fog and you jsut hear this getting louder in the distance.
It's a hot beat.
But holy fuck are the verses confusing me...
I was hoping my hopping in and Senitnal Slashing the Blink Dog would be this
LOL
what is Telduria status. Fried, Sadder, or nun
nunn I'm going back to nku the 19th
aight
How does that jacket even work
like any other jacket, I just fucked up the torso proportions so she's leaning back a bit. I was having an off art day and this was the only half decent thing to come out after 5 attempts
Still like good ( '^')-b
*looks
I like it
I did have another idea, but partway through I was like "that idea seemed familiar, and realized it was this character's outfit
She looks like a pokemon character found a samurai sword
well a few drawings down she is actualyl dressed like a pokemon trainer
Huh I didn't expect that
another modern Patti I did was the one with Wisteria and Seraphine, where she was just casual-style with an oversized jersey
but this combo.
Yup. Time for bed
Lol
hi
what are ya'll up to
clearly @mannie.exe wants my bot here!!!
Maybe, I'll add it l8r.
@sk Go ahead. Yer an Admin now, son!
vinny is here
this but Finn, Justine and Boobrew
Lolololol incredibly accurate
Lol
Now, I've never smoked cigarettes before, but
But
I don't think that's how it works
na I've smoked before and thats what you do
You're the expert
@Mujin @timlives @Demi Tarot @Koala How does Saturday work for  D&D?
my house is throwing a party on saturday
sooooo
gonna go with a no on that
Man.
fuckin suckws
:/
aslfjasl;kfjawsklngb;aebawrvawrfbawibwqzedxr ghb
I won't have a car tomorrow, otherwise we were also considering Friday night as a possibility.
wouldn't lack of car increase playability as you don't leave house?
fug
my fug didn't send properly
so much for the updated wi fi drivers
No, as I have to pick up @timlives from NKU and bring him here for the session.
Can't do that on Friday as my mom doesn't get back from work until after 2200, and Saturday's a no-go as well.
Maybe next weekend~
@timlives jk i'm over here
@Mujin @Demi Tarot @Koala D&D tomorrow? I can pick Micahel up.
I'm freer
@sk Here.
Yeet.jpg
Pinned a message.
oi
what server yall on for FF?
cigarettes
malboro? lol
yes
its prettier than AA but honestly i like AA's UI so much better
Mannman, you said you had no interest at all in any Arpidges atm, yeah?
Correct.
dangus khangus
I would like to remind you all that this exists:
And I may aspire but never quite be as metal as that.
owowow @a ghost with purpose
Huh
@mannie.exe wat
@a ghost with purpose
Lool
@timlives @Demi Tarot Wow Tom Scott! Didn't know  you were secretly Jared!
@timlives hey boyo come say hi
2 and a half hoursssss
Send help
I'm being assaulted by a college
yell "that's my purse i don't know you" and kick it in the balls
Ok
@timlives
rip did i miss everyone
idk
this hurts
To say the least
so that play. I sat in my school's theater hall in the dark for like 2 hours before I decided to look up the poster on my kindle and see that it was being presented the next town over so I ran screaming to my car to get over there in 30 minutes ( ' w ' )
but I made it and FINALLY SAW THE ENDING TO TWELVE ANGRY MEN AFTER LIKE 8 YEARS
EXCEPT NOT AS A MOVIE
AND THERE WERE GIRLS THIS TIME SO THEY HAD TO CHANGE THE NAME
I'm confused.
the play was Twelve Angry Jurors
based off the movie Twelve Angry Men
I saw the movie in Psychology class in high school but we left before the ending
Now I seen it
THE PROPHECY
I mean, hey that's pretty good.
Didja' like it?
ye
the college experience
I bought dis
Oooh cool
I wanted one without a numpad but oh well
Why no numpad
I love numpad
disgusting for fitting on desk
This is the one I bought for my build
Got it from the uni bookstore for MULAA
lol nice
Had a ton that I never used lol
also my cec 101 prof finally graded everyhing
every assignment has an average below 50% lol
Dafaq
That's CEC 10 fucking 1
also we were supposed to attend 1 event like guest lecture or college picnic or something and write a two page report on it
did not attend one, did turn in paper
100%
honestly I'd be unnerved if Andrew was top rank in "Kek lol"
I wouldn't
Kek lol is his natural educational habitat
literally wtf
someone explain
Palm ---- face --->
I don't think I can make my palm my hand _through_ my face.
Ghay
Yes. Of course. How could I forget?
@timlives @Koala
Initial T(unak Tunak tun)
@timlives
Last day to get it!
@a ghost with purpose I got an interview callback!
nice
whats next
Video conference interview on Monday.
(1/11) (check) (startu step 2)
Yeah that's the last step before beginning onboarding.
1/3-4.
nice gl
Nice Mannie
Good luck!
Woooo!!!! Awesome job ManFriendo!!!
doing finance homework, got most of it done but my brain is hitching on one simple algebraic thing. Assuming I mathed right before hand.
13.95%=(Wd7.15%)+(We15.65%)
and naturally Wd+We=1 since I'm dealith with percentages
I need to find Wd, but to do so I also need to find We
also of note Wd+We=1 becaue percentages
like I'mma run through my THOT process here and you guys tell me if I make an error in judgement
13.95-(We•15.65) =Wd • 7.15

13.95/7.15 (We/7.15)•(15.65/7.15) = Wd
1.95 - (We/7.15)*2.19 = Wd
now
1.95/2.19 - (We/2.19)•7.15/2.19 = Wd/2.19
0.89- (We/2.19) • 3.26 = Wd/2.19
not only do I think I'm wring but I think I'm also spiraling into a feedback loop of stupid
BUT LET'S KEEP GOING AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS
but first let's back up a second
on that last one
1.95 - (we•15.65)/7.15 = Wd is more accurate, isn't it?
my brain says isolate the variables, but I know if the variables are on the same side that'll jsut be a 1
fuuuuuuck
idk how2math but somebody else @here might, ayyyy?
13.95/7.15 - (We*15.65)/7.15 = Wd
I don't think you divide both We and  then 15.65 separately?
It's been a long time since I did math tho
v( '^')v
Go geddit.
!!!
The free one?
Yes.
I just sold my Twitch Prime Balaclava in PUBG for $10
lol
Alright. Time to play a new MMO. @a ghost with purpose
gross
@Koala Are you there?!
I'm in my phone. Out at dinner rn
*on
whats for dinner
Brgr
Ah. Think you wanna play some Deceit tonight?
@mannie.exe mayhaps
F
I love I was able to find this by searching hibby
**HOH**
...later Bobby, _hibby_, _**HIBBY**_.
I finally found out how to delete the Largemen page. I've won Facebook
Yes.
We can hear you.
Nope.
Rob.jpg
hey you kno what same
"Guydelot"
Guydelot o' this git.
@timlives
@timlives
@mannie.exe
DENOUDDADEN
LET'S GO
OOOOHH
@a ghost with purpose
yes
A reminder that He once graced us.
@a ghost with purpose @Demi Tarot
"If your mindset is like, "I'm going to screw with the world and bring it all down!" And you have that kind of mischievous attitude, like you're messing with people, or like it's a prank when you're aspiring to create manga, then I think that'd be pretty interesting, wouldn't it?" -Urasawa Naoki
All you really need to know from that video, but still.
Updated my background slideshow
Feelsgoodman
needs more cowbell
no thanks
My second interview got pushed to Wednesday, and I quote, "we'll be getting more people together for your interview, since yours is a lead position."
Ah... the formalities of gauging...
they're going to make you fight the other canadates
DEATH BAAAATTLLLLLE
HELLO
@mannie.exe  Oh there is level 60 job gear
@a ghost with purpose I was once capable of being pissed, then I watched this video.
Guys, I was browsing /b and found a thing
Black Micheal and Goth Stephan find something stupid in the jungle
@a ghost with purpose @timlives @Demi Tarot `125.74MB` large update for FFXIV released today.
I think I'm gonna pull a you, and pick up Astrologian alongside Samurai.
@a ghost with purpose
Wheeeeeee
Believe in the heart of the cards
tired
make this have never happened
@Koala I reject.
THAT
IS
HERESY
@Deleted User ay
do you need the expansions to play Arma nowadays
@a ghost with purpose given any thought to Destiny 2?
just curious
@timlives
And not a single one of them is wearing a shirt
which leads me to assume that shirts don't exist in russia
only track suit tops
Yes, of course.
@Koala  it looks decent, but i probably wont buy it
not sure it has anything going for other than well polished and good graphics
I'm also interested to see what Anthem does...
I have wanted to play Destiny and that other game for a while -- don't remember its name.
@a ghost with purpose ditto
JK THE INTERVIEW DATE WAS CHANGED YESTERDAY TO TOMORROW, AND I ONLY NOW CHECKED IT.
I also never got an update for it, so I called to confirm it was today or not, and as it turns out, it wasn't.
I also have another interview tomorrow now. Back to back.
This should be fun.
@Koala
these gl1tch tr1x got me all riled up
YA YA YA COCO JAMBO YA YA YE
@Koala  new wolfenstein seems like a must buy
amazing so far
Oh dang.
Now look what you did... @Demi Tarot
holy fuck the opening sequence is so good
@a ghost with purpose I've got it pre-loaded
watching an early access stream now
I'm not gonna do anything til release
wanna take it allll in
ya dont
its too good to spoil if you wanna play
I saw gameplay of the wheelchair bit in the sub a month or two ago
all the hype I need my man
but the context
Oh I know the context
I played The New Order
no no no
you will understand
I will on Friday
tomorrow is the Mortal Empires update for TW Warhammer II
I can't wait to kill Nazis tho
im impressed they decided not to include multiplayer
so that they could focus on the singleplayer
I'm not _impressed_
Just happy that they know their priorities with Wolfenstein
its impressive that they've got the nerve to do it
id assume publishers are scared of releasing singleplayer only games
but a high quality story well worth it instead of some shitty firefight or tdm
Well the devs established their abilities to craft a great story and a great singleplayer only game with TNO and the New Blood
And the sales backed them up
And Bethesda's the publisher
They don't really publish a lot of multiplayer games
I mean, DOOM has multiplayer but it was a flop, ESO is meh, and Quake Champions is _okay_, but that's all Besthesda/Zenimax really has offered as titles with multiplayer
such QoL improvements
welding not aids, manual saves
neat
how about the jontron
ur a jontron
**BANG**>🔫-('^' )
( 'A') Who shot Stephan?
o/
( 'v')🔫  are we killing ourselves
no just Stephan
I never said I killed myself
just shot myself
There's a difference ( "^")
vintage
I'm scared.
That has been in my recommended since it came out two days ago.
I just now acquired the sanity to watch it.
It's quite a trip
.
hoho! yesss
Also, I have _three_ interviews today now...
J.P. Morgan Chase's tech. lead from 3:00 PM to 3:30 PM, Myriad Genetics from 3:30 PM to 4:15 PM, and Callibrity from 4:45 PM to ??? PM...
Help...
Wooooohoooo
I'm applying to JP morgan for an internship this summer
congrats @mannie.exe
Niiice.
Who knows, you might be able to use me as a reference. ┐(´∀｀)┌
One down, two to go.
That was the easiest interview of my life. 10/10. Nailed it.
yee
Just sat through three light cycles cuz this big rig wanted to make an illegal u turn
Lul
I'm mad
@mannie.exe did your interview of yesterday get pushed back?
To today, yeah. Had it earlier. Went amazing!
Then there was another one right after, which went really well as well!
The last one for today is at ~~5:30~~. (jk it was 4:45)
@timlives @a ghost with purpose LET'S GO
**_HE LOOKS SO BISSED OFF BROH_**
>:C
I've played AUra Kingdom before
a while ago
its garb
Yeah I was but jesting.
@Mujin @a ghost with purpose @Demi Tarot This is what you do to me.
I got da high score
eurotruck simulator 2 is 75% off right now
...tempting
Dying Light Following Edition is 60% off if anyone wants to play it with me
also Zombie Army Trilogy is 80% off and KF2 is 50% off
most of us own zombie army trilogy i believe
I'm thinking about dying light
Ahhh... Dying Light.
I remember playing a bit of it around the second time we did a Stars Without Numbers campaign. Pretty fun.
Still haven't bought it yet...
We own Zombie Army. We all got it and then played for like 2 hours and had a blast
actually we killed hitler
oh
steam://openurl_external/
AHHH!
I wanna play Origins! :c
Though I think I'll just wait for half a year and play it after all of the typical Ubisoft patches are released.
What could go wrong? I'm sure it'll be fiiiiiine
Depends. Are you a fan of transcending the feeble limitations of space through the means of glitches? If so, I'm sure you'd _love_ it.
@timlives @Koala ^
@mannie what are your people doing
pt 2
pt III
The finale of this epic tale
@mannie.exe  sry if i just logged u out of steam
Oh no you're fine. I quit on my own after a couple missions.
hey guys what torrent do you all use? like if im downloading something on piratebay what torrent do you extract with?
nvm i just downloaded utorrent
gross
stealing is wrong
@Koala warhammer is gud game
Ye
@Deleted User utorrent 2.2.1 specifically
The last version before it turned into a bloated piece o shite
man
man
bumping up to hard difficulty was good decision
cant just auto battle win everything lul
lol
playing WH II rite?
yep
doing the first high elf campaign atm
High Elves are neato I really like the faction flavor
Influence is neat
yeah
Lothern Sea Guard are like the best unit they have
they're weird
but gud
have to turn off skirmish mode for them to do what i want lol
Yeah
was using them to cover flanks for my spears and they kept running
like wtf
cmon man get in there
Yeah that's the only lil hiccup
Know what's also neato tho
Dargons
lots of Dargones
ya i just got the dragon building
many Dargoones
is one better than the other
Higher tier dragons lose Speed but have higher Health and Armor, iirc
oh i mean between moon vs sun dragons
same thing between Sun -> Moon
sun has more speed than moon
but less armor and health
I think there's some difference bw melee attack and defense stats too
do you  know if your main lord can die in battle?
Legendary Lords can only be wounded
You're talking about the immortality skill, right?
idk
just the hero you  start out with
lord sorry
not hero
Tyrion, as a legendary lord, can't die. Just can be wounded and unusable for a few turns
mkay thats good
Regular lords can die. Legendaries like Tyrion, Teclis, Malekith, Mazdamundi, etc cannot
fking skaelding
hohohohohohohohoho
man fuck norscans
they pooped on my allies
man fuck "allies"
they're just there to get razed so I can treasure hunt and then settle the ruins
lool
@timlives u wan my peeece
hollyyyy shit
really enjoying this
lmao
When words hurt
@Koala @Demi Tarot @timlives LET'S PLAY
174.97.118.216
sawdsadwdaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwdwwwwsdasawwdwaaaawwwwdwdwdwsdaaaaaaaaaaawwsdsdssawdwdadwaadssadcddsddwwadawasaddddaa
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose
the new southpark game is wild
FUCK it's me
thats amazin
@mannie.exe  i logged back into steam for a bit
Go for it.
me
@everyone
ever peel your thumb like a potato
rip thumbskin
No.
owwww
I once accidentally cut into one of my fingers when I was a retarded kid, but thankfully I've learned not to do that from all the shit I've cut up sicne I was a retarded kid.
Let's see, potatoes, tomatoes, asparagus, lettuce, spaghettoes, white wimin, and beets.
man it takes so long for my blood to scab up
im pissed
Well, TCS/JPMC sent the offer letter. I should receive it in 24-48 hours.
Callibrity is also speeding up.
"glad to know the whole class is on thot patrol"
Mei by the character artist of DDLC
tfw my salary with TCS is actually 90k, but Enterprise Solutions is taking a 5k cut.
Still set with 85k. No rugrats.
Hot diggity DAMN
Holy shit my dude
Be my sugar daddy pls
Jk open a 401k
like srs
401k is among the benefits, actually.
max that shit
they'll probably match everything you put in upto a certain percentage
lol
max that shit
Interesting
pretty standard benefits
the 401k matching seems a little low to me, but idk much about that
Just don't fuck it up whatever you do
^Yeah that
especially that
but I trust mannie
Don't do that
trust mannie?
or the fucking up bit?
must employ peer pressure positively
No trusting
lol
sorry mannmann andru says no trust
Also we should make a doki doki literature club channel and write our own poetry
with or without suicide
I like my friends alive
Add to your own taste
Well you've got admin powers so you can make a channel
How to format on phone qq
Man I love poetry
**_P O E Y U M S_**
Oh, on the topic of me fucking up at my work, there's always the possibility that my dreams might come true instead. You know, then one where I show up to my work, trade or educational establishment without any sort of trousers.
Just to be clear I don't think you'll fuck up Mannie
But just to be safe, don't fuck up. No pressure.
I don't feel like I'll fuck up with or at my work either. Though I _am_ however, quite paranoid that I'll get super depressed over my parents again or something dumb will happen to the car(s).
Bah, I'll just need to be better, I s'pose.
One step at a time, my dude
Indeed.
This is an awesome new step you're taking, mate
Ohhh. I remembered something random. I think I was speaking to some recruiter quite a long while ago, and I think I said, "Duly noted." to him. And he was like, "Aww you ain't gotta talk like that." and something about something or other, then I was like, "Ah. I usually speak like that." Then we both let out a sensible chuckle, and that was the end of it.
( '^')
@timlives make a poem
I will write a real poem when I get home
^ nsfw game
neat.
^^^wat
this is what i wake up to?
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose This might be of interest.
@mannie.exe @timlives "my wife, my best friend and sister"
R O L L T I D E
@Koala  I accidentally made a zombie oven
my god iron drakes are so hard to use well but they're so cool
@timlives Can't believe I'm going deaf.
I can barely make out frequencies around and above 15,000 Hz.
An internal monologue I happen to share with another.
same
tbhj
My house has adopted the Homer Simpson yelp/scream to express our internal dealings
same
@Koala  i just lost a VC battle where I had 10 skeleton warriors vs 1 lord
and the lord kept running and rallying and killed 800+ skeletons
what silliness
me playing killing floor .png
🕺
🕺  🍌
:michael:
сука
.
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:  VS :michael:
But if I'm a thief, then he can join the heist
And we'll move to an island-and
And he can be my jailer, Burton to this Taylor
@Koala
check the witch king kills....
1.
_**1**_.
Holy shit.
@Mujin Got into the Dauntless beta?
@everyone I have two friend invites if anybody else wants to try out the Dauntless Closed Beta.
@Mujin Yeah, I think Monster Hunter: World is going to slay Dauntless.
@everyone so do I!
ill take one
if you wanna play it
@Koala when does your weekend start
When I finish my exam that I'm about to take in 15 min
mkay
im out of my last class at 9:30
so we can start a co op campaign tonight if you want
Neato. I've got to do some python hw but I should have it done by then
Just slipped on a banana peel when I got out of my car
DONKEY KOOOOOONG
10/10, absolutely disgusting.
That econ exam was ezpz
Probably because I studied
Feels weird
@mannie.exe I don't have a ton of time right now to go all in on it, but I'd love to give it a try!
Sent you a code!
Do me too
I can getchu
@a ghost with purpose ima getchu
Naiiise
I wish I had a father.
Same.
@a ghost with purpose
I have a main activity, with a FAB on the bottom right that takes you to a create password activity, with the "Save" button successfully pulling in two text field's inputs: a password name and a password seed.
You called yourselves twocuteboiz just to spite me didn't you
Honestly? No.
Now? Yes.
Lol
Lololol
We're too cute
@mannie.exe teach me how to use github when I get home plox
@timlives You better check out the last thing Jared posted.
I've seen that before its great
"Great Wave off Kanagawa"
nice resume manbun
he made a 3rd
this was everything I ever needed
"Fuck, another duplicate"
remember when TF2 sold wedding rings that would announce your proposal
Yes, actually
Remember family sitcoms?
wellIdidn'knowyouwerezuchafanaDICK
I was wondering why you were posting japanese art, then I noticed Gondola
fuggin posdin jabanese ert
I don't think Gondola does Spurdo speak
Morty, I TURNED MYSELLF INTO A HARPYYYYYYYY, I'M PICKLE PEEEEEEEE
Wanted
Postman Tap
Uuhyeauh
holeefuk
think he paid 3 grand + the price to get it painted
@a ghost with purpose I think my jaw detached because of that figure.
Still relevant.
Ohey, @timlives @Koala, do either of you enjoy, or like the concept of Ace Combat/action-y flight sims? You know, sinceyouresuchbigfansadicc.
IF SO
Ace Combat 7, eh?
i like dicc, but i don't know what that has to do with flying
:^)
Well, **_HAV YEĘEEEE´´éeeEEEEEEe_**?
Making a Fantasy Setting gives one a lot of power. One must remember to use this power responsibl--*SHIT*
one of those is a boy, I forgot which
both
DID YOU JUST ASUSME THEIR GENDER?
We can hear you fine-ish.
Oh, uh, nice mouse btw!
Looking great!
that was gud
guys
.
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:  VS  :michael:
@Mujin @Demi Tarot @sk CARDS AGAINST THE BUBONIC PLAGUE?
EHH?
wat is the pass
`hello_darkness`
also watching stranger things 2 last ep!!!!!!!!
wow you used code tags
GAY
what a nerd I CAN EDIT TOO
Lobby:  | Password: `hello_darkness`
CHAT. @sk
I am torn between finishing this ep D:
Ah.
Okay.
Yeah, do that. Join later.
whoops @timlives
@Mujin
@Koala  I never realized how reddit was preparing me for discussions with articles that no one ever reads
@timlives
( '^')-b
a Remi
she purdy
she a toohoo
wow rood
but it troo
she's Flandre's sister
and hs a good theme
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE
WAT
@a ghost with purpose
...it begins
@timlives  das me
why does every WoW expac cinematic make me feel like a crackhead about to go into relapse
because it crushes your skull and makes your muscles gail
I didnt realized Filthy Frank was such a good musician o.o
@a ghost with purpose
lmao
@a ghost with purpose @timlives
@Demi Tarot
Always fun to see WIP projects.
seeing the little environments they made to test ccertain abilities is cool
Right? Actually makes me hyped to do stuff.
Its easy to get lost in your imagination for what you should do, but its nice to be grounded by footage like that that take you back to more humbler beginnings.
ANYWAYS.
@a ghost with purpose comehere
@mannie.exe you reposting slut
Hah. Nice. Just noticed the dupe.
The one I linked was pubilshed a day before the one you posted though. :^)
Lolol
I still posted it first 😋
😘
@Koala  @mannie.exe  hey check out this new video i just found
#first #allme #gottemboys
Hey guys, have you seen this video yet?
Tagging @everyone so everybody knows who the real OG poster of this video is.
That's what Jesus would do.
wwjd
Hey guys I found this sweet vid on the interenets
what have I done
You started the shitpost train
I didn't want this
ham pineapple bacon pizza on le way
feels good
my glasses deaded
this foookin sucks, lads
quick, how many ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') ( '^') am I holding up
enough to demolish a cake in seconds
Phew.
next level
Hey guess what totally new thing I get to make for the Android dev. courses I'm "passing" through. @Koala @a ghost with purpose @timlives
A weather app.
sounds tough
how will you defeat this challenge you have no experience for
idk, I might just make a Cards Against Hyoomanatee clone.
dang i need a haircut
starting to get those mannielocks
Mannielocks and the 3 Big Guys
Mannielocks was traveling through the woods, but got tired of that nature shit and broke into an empty house.
Mannielocks was hungry as fuck and saw 3 buckets of fried chicken. Hell Yeah. So he went and gobbled that shit down. "This bucket is too shook." He said of the first, so he tried the 2nd. "Also too shook." the 3rd. "God damn son, this chicken is more shook than I was at the end of Doki Doki Lit Club. I gotta sit down."

Mannielocks stumbles into the living room and takes a seat but it's hard and cold. "This chair is too bronze." He goes to another. "This chair is also too bronze." He goes to the third seat, covered in a blanket, he tosses it aside to see it was 3 bronze chairs stacked upon one another. "Bronze. Five Bronze Chairs....Fuck this I'm going to bed."

Mannielocks goes upstairs and sees 3 beds suspended from the cieling. "Yeah I ain't touchin' this one. I'm out."
and so Mannielocks went elsewhere.
I don't claim to know a lot _of_ people or a lot _about_ people, however, out of the numerous iterations of teachers, students, peers, and random hobos I've had the (dis)pleasure of encountering, none have affected me on such a personal level as Jared. There are days when I close my eyes and attempt to reflect upon my conscious being wound among the wavicles of Totality, and all I see is "( '^')", to which I always respond by feeling a little "( '^')-b".
glad my story was so impactful
so I complain a lot about Tumblr not having volume controls
god bless them
they really can't get anything right
fuckin Skyblock
the quest for onions
the moving entire bits of our base while I was gone so I logged in and fell to my death
complaining that I couldn't make a damn chicken sammich without mayo
making our own dirt out of zombies
174.97.118.216
the guy that drew that makes a comic, someone did an edit of it
@Koala
It already habbened.
@mannie.exe neato
@mannie.exe where's the magnet link
There isn't one for that, not on here anyways. I'm getting a different repack, lemme get the links.
Call of Duty: World War II
SP: `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:2436c64179f1298329f7f768c0d9fda83e5cb4e4&dn=Call%20of%20Duty%20-%20WWII%20%5bFitGirl%20Repack%5d`
MP & Nazi Zombies: `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:6f74bc42becae56ae939ae51542feb955f6d0198&dn=Call%20of%20Duty%20-%20WWII%20MP-ZM%20Add-on%20%5bFitGirl%20Repack%5d`
or rather, what site do I go to? TPB?
Yup, TPB
Alright, time to wait five years
Wait, did you get one off TPB, or are you getting the repack I linked?
TPB
Which repack?
aight I'm using your magnet now
Oh boy 1 year wait!
Okay so I'm watching Indiemaus's vid of DDL
and these poems look like they're written how non-writers think poetry is written
Correct.
As they are, quite indeed, anime high school girls.
Oh shit it's starting to get to the dark shit
OH FUCK
WHAT THE FUCK
Ohhhhhhhh shiiiiit
Holy shit this is good
Indiemaus is a fucking great YTer
RIP
"Doki doki is not oki doki" best comment
"Hang in there, Sayori."
Yeah I read that one as well lolol
This shit is too good
OH FUCK
jAYSUS
"Aight, we're gonna save it"
Holy hsit
Okay so I can't tell what is Indiemaus's editing and what's the game anymore
Okay so i'm not sure if I can go to class after this shit
I'm too mindfucked
lol yeah
It was bretty ebig.
@Demi Tarot  I always liked this version more.
I present to you: Bugs Bunny rule 34,
new glasses get
Use those new glasses to check _THIS OUT YOOOO_:
"Doki doki is not oki doki" should be our server motto
It's a me, Demi-o (with thiccer frames)
:T:
THICCC
Woah who's this cutie.
I now have a face to the ( '^')
that is the face tho
Quite.
< also that face there
( '^') isn't a face, it's a ( '^')
it's many things
comprehensible to lower life forms such as yourself is not one of them ( 'A')
wowow rood
( 'A')9 u fuggin wut
@timlives
Diescraper Redux
@timlives
@timlives  "Wheatst"
( '^') Mother_fucker_
@Demi Tarot Hey wanna watch a comedy stand-up with us?
watching a guy play Nioh
Yeah,  but... comedy!
LAUGH DAMMIT.
NIOH IS SHIT ANYWAYS.
fukyu
AHHH SUBJECTIVE OPINIONS!
acquire gud
No, fuck you and your gud acquisition fetch quest nipple.
Net poop
My laugh broken by fucking spectrum equipment
RIP
Fuggg
So I got bored and started keeping track of every time they say "nani" in this anime I'm watching. I'm up to 27 and it's only episode 6.
...that seems low?
@Deleted User That's like keeping track of how many times actors say, "What?" in a sitcom.
IDK. Just funny to me when people yell it.
***NANI***
The fucking video with the seal killed me with that word.
Now that's what I imagine every time I hear it
**_NANI?!_**
Nani?
@timlives
fuggin wut
I'm mad.
me as Hanzo
the deck code is `RENRE`
CARDS AGAINST BITCHSANITY: @everyone
 | Password: `homerun`
Ji Xi an Xu Yi Yang
@Koala @Mujin
@Deleted User
rip
I can hear you @timlives
There's a headphone with a line next to your name.
@timlives
fuggit. nap
CAN'T BELEVE I GOTTA RECONNECT JUST TO HANG UP
I will always love this comic
oh shit the song changes at 15 minutes in ( 'A')
@mannie.exe
i'll buy this game if you think you might wanna play it too
or if anyone wants to watch it
Oh shiiit! Yeah! I'll totally play!
yeee
thought of you when I saw it
I'll watch.
sigg
the truth revealed
Oh fug
@timlives
we did it
wat a boy
Congrats.
I've heard of the ants marching in, but this is just silly
relatalbe
this picture does things to me
great quote from osu tournement:"Pineapple is a gay version of an apple"
we're the only ones who call it pineapples, the fuck English
another quote:"Call me gay"
also"traps are not gay"
right and Fasolati aren't furry ( 'A')9
speaking of,I drew one dressed as a Viera frm FFTA
I, too, just looked the front page of reddit
@timlives @Demi Tarot
THIS IS GREAT.
This is who _I_ aim to be in life:
This is why god has abandoned us
You think God ain't a weeb?
ohio gozaimasu
Goddamn
@mannie.exe
HOLY _**SHIT**_.
That's not your typical good.
That's your advanced, non-cardinal, asymetrically balanced good.
art porn
:michael:
🐧
<>
( '^') **VS** :michael:
for a ribbon snek, what sounds best
Inju, Hebinju or Hebicho?
What about a ribbon snek??? @Demi Tarot
was naming a monster, already decided TOO SLOW
Okay. I know how to grammar, but it seemed to me like you were being retarded are trying to see which onomatopeia sound effect sounded the best.
wrong
I said which sounds best not which sound's best ( '^')v
Which is why I prefaced the previous sentence with  "I know how to grammar, but," as the reason I pointed out what I thought _previously_ is because eventually I picked up on what was wrong.
well ( '^')v
me when I get mentioned
Michael. I found something bigger than the black destroyer.
@timlives
What a link to see as I open discord in class @Deleted User
Yeah, I just... blacklisted the moment in my brain for convenience's sake. @Koala
Thankfully I'm on my phone and not my laptop
So no one saw it lol
lmao
Muh bad
you should trust never to open anything i send ever
you can cancel preview images by puttng the links in **< these pointyboys >**
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose
@Demi Tarot do u leik craf?
if so, wanna play moincraf?
sleeeeeeeeeeeeepy
alriiiight
@mannie.exe that music video was great
I know right? I get pumped at the first syllable.
I don't even have to be looking at the video to just imagine that old man with a tilted head ready to drop some political nukes.
Hmmmmm
THIS IS BULLSHIT
*BOOOOOOooooooOOOoooOOOoo*
In the Sims 3, there is a hidden trait named “Immune to Fire.” Firefighters and Sims working in the Firefighter profession have a 50% chance of passing this trait on to their children. Sims with this trait cannot be killed by fire.
('^' )
/   \
\   /
@a ghost with purpose @timlives @Koala
fug
You gotta be shittin me
the clip link
Pickle Pee is fuckinf LIT
but yeah nah
you make everything expensive, you make credit gains peanuts, then you put a limit on them with MULTIPLE HOUR LONG cooldowns
and they have the gall to be pissed
when they're called out on it
like, it probably is a good game, with all this love and effort put into it, and you just shit on it, because no one wants to buy it now (-'^')-
god, I feel sorry for the actual developers
It's not like DICE is squeaky clean and innocent tho
Since the destruction on BF3 is a lot less than BC2 and somehow touted as better
and it's just gotten less and less, which sucks
I mean like, animators, artists, sound design, all this hard work on something a lot of people really fucking love
and it's jsut like, some marketing dickwad at EA dropped a deuce on it and are like "don't judge the salad by the shit, jsut scrape it off or eat around it." and the players are like "we ain't got time for this shit"
Why is no one eating this shit salad? do they even cook?
I mean its got Lettuce stolen from fairy gardens, tomatoes genetically engineered to feel your brain with endorphins akin to childhood nostalgia, and the ranch has a state of the at chemical that finally makes your brain release proper amounts of serotonin again, BUT THERE IS A WET SEMI-LIQUID SHIT STAIN IN THE MIDDLE (-'A')-
no one is gonna eat that
It's kinda like they took a really nice bowl, filled it with diarrhea, then tried out ladle it out onto your plate.
When we complained, they just got a smaller spoon.
on another note
I slept normie hours, this is bullshit
does it work
gotta do Personal Finance work/discussion board and a bit of the paper, clean my room a bit and go carry hay later. I'm already exhausted
I feel like the only times I enjoy myself and can work on my stuff is late nights, and I slept through it
fuckin
Dude, that's the best thing I've ever seen, ever.
Shaggy and Scooby Doo... saving Namek from Frieza... then Shaggy gets lit af and torches Frieza's ass with an Amaterasu...
@a ghost with purpose
Wait, is it actually possible to play video games with others that have this much energy? I just thought it was a myth.
ya
that shit is what ruins matchmaking
and sure four is nuts high energy
yells all day long
Shaggy: ***OMAE WA MOU SHINDERU***
Freezer: **NANI**
Amine Girl uses Tail Whip
Amine Guy's defense was lowered
mad
inted?
intentionally fed
= did poorly and died a lot
He actually means to say that he casted his entire conscious being and memories into an "int" or "integer". Magical stuff.
(ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
:michael:
Grumbly
Kamaigne
Fasolati
Pushar
Windoll
Droppi
Sichosi
huh
my class actually got cancelled today
nice
*Nice*
So I'm thinking about investing in some cryptocurrencies as a fun experiment
Hrmmm
Or maybe trying to mine some ethereum or litecoins or some shit with my PC while I'm away at class
or both
We're talking about Blockchain and stuff in my Data Communications class today
It's got me interested
@mannie.exe .0000000000000000000000000000000000000001 BTC for your thoughts Mannie
Hm. Honestly, my economy core is broken, and I can't consider much. Let me Google things.
idk, it still seems to be possible.
You definitely need to keep things efficient.
Some seed funds could go a bit ways too. Could always invest in some miners as well.
They run up in thousands though. I checked one out for $1.4k.
I'm just thinking for shits n giggles
not tryna get serious
probably just gonna buy some ETH and see where it goes
Yeah, investing directly in bitcoins could be more lucrative, depending on market fluctuations.
Considering that it's been climbing for the past like, six months, it's either gonna crash real soon or keep going for a lil while
Shit, it grew ~2000 USD in the past month
There's nothing shits n' giggly about setting your computer up to mine cryptocurrency. Especially when the fans really rev up, your electric bill skyrockets, your GPU loses its life, and your firstborn explodes while somersaulting over your really hot computer.
And yeah. See what you can do, I s'pose.
Yeah that's why i'm just gonna invest
I didn't build this thing just to kill it lol
In my life, I don't think I've ever had enough money to actually consider investing, so that part of me is just straight up broken and I'm pretty useless in economy.
I'm not talking a lot of monies here. Maybe $50 tops to start. It's more of an experiment tbh
Btw @mannie.exe how's the new job thing coming along?
I got the formal application and pre-offer letter today.
This is the longest hiriing process I've been a part of.
Yeah this is taking pretty long, maybe it's because you're going to be a consultant or something idk
Mhm. Two reasons for that, apparently. TCS internally has two HR departments. One for salary that's $90k and above, and one for the rest. Previously I was sent with the former, as I was going after a lead role, but now I'm stepping into a $80k, non-lead role.
The process apparently had to be restarted 'cuz of that.
And _apparently_, half of TCS thought I already these documents I got today, while I was busy talking to the other half about how I definitely did not. This had been going on for a weeks and a half or so lol.
that'll do it
man
ive been putting off doing hw and playing league
and the gat dang servers go down
now you have to put off league ;_;
now put off doing league and play hw!
hol up headset's being a fucker
there we are
horse substitute
So trying to get into trading crypto is more annoying than I anticipated
US based exchanges want my SSN
which I do not wish to give
"i just remembered one time in kindergarten i punched this girl i knew because we were drawing birds and she drew her bird with a human nose and mouth and it pissed me off so badly i went into like berserker mode

it looked like this"
lolol
New title for video: "All Might  - Work it Out - Origin of His Buff Bod"
*muffled Kenny Loggins in the distance*
I feel like this man is the result of me and Mannie fusing
"Dark souls is actually a pretty apt metaphor for depression. You feel like you’re a shrivelled husk of the person you were, it can get really hard to just try not to die, in order to cure yourself you have to ring three bells, the capra demon is there,
"
@Scarra Arnt you suppose to have tier for this build so that extra mana is relevant ?
:michael:
@timlives @Koala
@timlives All you need to know about season 3:
god that last comment fucking killed me
Goddamn my sides have left
More Dark Lolis from Indiemaus
ah yes the remaster of everyone's favorite Wolf RPG Maker game "Pissed Papa"
the Mingus Kingus
@Demi Tarot  @timlives  island adventures today?
I think I've put a dent in my quota, once mom gets home and I put groceries away I should be able to sit down with no worries and minimal interuptions
mabes
Welcome to the Rice Fields, fellow Farmer.
>click afk channel
>discord's all "You there? we noticed you were afk and put you in the afk channel"
BITCH I PUT MSELF THERE, TAKIN' CREDIT FOR MY WORK
Leeroy turns 12 today
oi @mannie.exe  wanna shiv fiv later?
power blinked
desktop decided it would then be the perfect time to update
on lappy
cuck
fucerk said 100% done for like 5 whole minutes before saying 15
my actual face at this moment
okay, just gtta wait for desktop to boot once more
this is some fuckin bullshit I swear
we at 100% again for the 3rd time
shit we in there
now for steam and discord to load again
Latest ETA pls?
steam is currently loading
dsiord is now signing in
We're actually taking a break.
huh
i guess I did pretty good
Nope.
Nooo sir.
BEEP BEEP
answered all questions asked by the paper in 3 pages, the minimum is 6 pages WRRRRRRRRRRRY
I went through McDonald’s and ordered chicken nuggets with Szechuan sauce and they gave me Big Mac Special Sauce.. fml
you may be on to a conspiracy here
What do?
expose the truth
I'mma get food and sit in the ESOTERIC chat while you do you
Wtf why are there more channels lol
cuz
I expected nothing less
@timlives @Koala @Demi Tarot
LIVE laundry stream
"[tumblr geek after being bitten by a black mamba] oh no!! danger noodle does an anger! scaly pupper! she protec but also attac!"
what a fuck
"Make fencegates behave like automatic doors from your local grocery store—perfect for maneuvaring while riding a horse"
Who lectures before an exam
Cmon bruh
lol
"Let me just shovel all of this around a bit before we really get down to business"
Where is your wholesome name mannie
Its right there. Mannie.
That's deep
who makes mods for games?!1
Castlevania and Jojo Self-Portraits
maneuvaring
Crap. Thanks for that catch.
That dude's reaction is goals.
Lesbuns
oh. this is a Cards Against Humanity thing apparently and not a knock off
I love Saur Cream and Onyon flavor **Prongles**
Onions and Cream
watch this
10/10
**Ｏｎｃｅ　Ｙｏｕ　Ｐｏｐ．．．
ＴＨＡＴ＇Ｓ　ＧＲＥＡＴ！**
- Prongles
A motto to live by, honestly.
@mannie.exe  come play civ u wholesome man
no im prargrarmming
program this
`
{if deez=true}
print=Deez Nuts
`
```cs
private void fuckOffJared(bool deez) {
    if (deez != true) return;
    this.Monitor.Log("Deez Nuts");
}
```
this is real life, he just talks that way
"Aaaahhhh yes, I see that you know your judo well"
are we gonan divin post micheal's return?
Mannalann, are you still prgrmin?
I wanna play vidja gem
aiyeoiue
@a ghost with purpose
I made it do a thing.
maneuvering
I have since changed it to: "Ever wish for Pokemon-styled walk-through warp doors, or fence gates that can sense you approach--you know--like those grocery store sliding doors or vicious predators stalking some prey?"
god damn it discord
waifu is powering up
approaching max power
FIRE!
@Demi Tarot @a ghost with purpose
when I started doing chores I cosed out of my Civ without saving
think I might just be Venice and see how being the ultimate city state goes
@a ghost with purpose That moment when a Harvard professor mentions the old Civ bug with Gandhi's aggression roll from 1 to -1 to 255 as an example of buffer overflow.
^Who dis thot
All women are queens Stephan ( 'A')
Who dis thot queen
is it too late to do any Divininin?
@timlives
Happeh Danksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving
thanks
prison changed him
I keep being fed
Help
Mmm.
"Wow"
*sigh*
*unzip*
in short ... try, sadness
"Someone asked for cat to Temmie replacement. So here is Sans."
Hoi
question.
why?
Wrong.
Man i think my dad is giving me depression, what an asshole
What happen
Just going supernova over stupid shit, really in the mood to argue and yell about everything
Always looking for excuses for his fuck ups, got my mood quite soured
Sounds like he might be projecting
Anyway
Yeah that's pretty shitty
Yeahhh
has it been for a while now or just lately?
Been ramping up for awhile
hmm
Anyhooo
I got a samsung galaxy S8 today
174.97.118.216:31183 @timlives @Mujin @Demi Tarot
0UYSZAJNDA2642 (if IP doesn't work, try this?)
broke 50k
only 49816 ranks left
@a ghost with purpose gratsman
Also, if @mannie.exe @Demi Tarot @timlives want to start a divinititty run with me, could we wait until I'm on winter break? I'm not going to have anything major going on and plenty of time
I'm interested in this.
@Demi Tarot Hey kid.
sho
Wanna play Div1?
I mean, "I'm a computer."
lemme shower
ogay
making some food also, but here I be
@mannie.exe Mingus?
Ah! Gimme a little.
someone should happy birthmas me and buy me mount and blade warband while its on sale xD
bruh
it's literally 6.79
He has no income.
I saw that sly edit mannuel
Clarity.
:^)
:^)
Yes. Am broke
aaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA**AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA*****AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA***
fuck
@timlives
@everyone
@Koala @Demi Tarot Are you guys available to do a thang?
yeah lemmee finish this episode
aight what thang we doin?
if Stephy wonder ain't around maybe we can see what that Eveylnn bitch be doin
gonna go back to the craptop, @ me when you get back Mannmode
what do you call an object that tapers from a circular base to a point that loves to go fast
( '^')
```
 /
<  : I
 \
```

i diid iith
@Demi Tarot alright let's goi
go + boi = goi
video games or video....videos?
diveenity
lemme hope over there once more
)( `'`'^']3()-b
If I understood my own language I'd assumed that'd be disrespectful
**_(  ~01`' ^ '`10)-p NEGATE**
Hi I was slep
@mannie.exe
o rip
Cheeki Breeki
10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 cute anime girls
an UGUUgleplex
here's the me AI
`
{
print = ( '^')
}
`
Not actually an AI, just a script that prints ( '^') over and over again
same
"Point me at a thing, and I will hit it until it stops.
Or point me at something not moving, and I will make it feel better.
I am both the duct tape and the WD-40."
—     Regading Paladins in Dungeons and Dragons
IT DON'T EVEN PRINT. IT JUST ASSIGNED `print` THE VALUE OF `( '^')`.
Lol I didn't even notice since I'm using Dark mode on my phone here
```cs
using System;
using System.AI;

class DemiTarot extends GeneralAI implements IMale, ICreative, IGamer
{
    public static void DemiTarot()
    {
        super();
    }
}
```
And *then* it just prints ( '^')
```cs
DemiTarot demiBoi  = new DemiTarot();

string methods = "";
foreach (string method in DemiTarot.methods.Keys)
{
    methods += method + "\n";
}
Console.WriteLine(methods);
```
```
say
sit
stand
sleep
art
draw
paint
play
playVideoGame
playTableTop
pain
die
reveal true form, one and all, become ethereal self propogate the worm of time, loop loop loop, begin
```
what goes through my mind whenever we play Divinity 2
@Demi Tarot DIVI-
NITY
?
I was finishing you
And I was finishing you finishing me.
"DIVINITY?"
that's next level
Doneion Rings/10 right there
reeeeeeeee
Unpopular opinion: I actually like the elf designs in Divinity 2. I don't _love_ them, but they do it. @Demi Tarot @timlives @a ghost with purpose
They appear almost feral, in some twisted way.
i like them too
but they arent pretty
I think they're a fresh take, compared to every other rendition of haughty yet super pretty elves.
I think k they're finally interesting
I like super pretty though ( ;^;)
these are unsettling to look at, and seeing one without a shirt makes me physically gag because those weird skin folds they got
like I could almost deal with the long arms, maybe get used to the neck, but those are a deal breaker
if I want to make a spooky elf, I keep the pretty, but make them like, uncanny pretty. Then give'm sharp teeth and black eyes. alien moral codes like fairies, since they descend from them y'know
Which is why I like em. They're not cookie cutter
I'll cut you ( 'A')9
I mean, I also like the more classic elves too. I just appreciate what Larian has done.
Like I said, they're fresh.
like, yeah, breakign the mold every once in a while is good, so kudos for that. But I am a man of
**A E S T H E T I C S**
Also I now know what race I'm going to play for our winter break campaign hehehehehe
s'fine, just keep your shirt on
YE CANNAE KEEP ME CLOTHED AGAINST MAH WILL ( 'A')
wat
Sssshhh
Aaaaaaaa
Yeet
Yo dawg. Let's divine the fall of our foes. @Demi Tarot
Ahueahe!
oof
@everyone  HELP ME
wait
wait
wait
HOLD ON A MINUTE.
OH MY GOD
WAIT A DAMN SECOND
THE MAN HIMSELF
BAH GAWD
THAT'S DEAN'S MUSIC
im
im scared
THE LEGEND, CALLS-HIS-SON-A-FAG HIMSELF
Dean, please. He's a sexual predator, not a fag ( '^')v
don't insult the gay community like that
THE DAD,
THE MYTH,
THE DEAN JACKSON
update: hes a beast
we won
holy fuck tfw dean's a god
tfw no face :michael:
@everyone
"
Me: Good luck.
[concerned Indian parent noise]
@timlives
2lood
You_irl
He looks like he skips leg day
im gettin there
"Blacksmith: Where’d you get such a big chunk of mythril?

Warlock, who has recently learned True Polymorph:So, you know bears?"
:michael:
Ascension is hard. Let's go? @Demi Tarot
I am back from outer lands
@mannie.exe  CACAW
One moment.
CALLED IT
Scathach
summer SCAACH
back
next level
 🎩
( 'ŵ')
#supportMainIssues
My headset died xs
XD*
How/Why'd you ded @Demi Tarot
because I could
oh
I thought you joined 'cuz you were all like, "Jesus!"
but then you weren't really dere
my shit was borkin and I was too tired for that shit
Awww.
@timlives
I was gonna ask if we could continue Civ in a bit, then I remember we broke the fuck out of it somehow.
Not for special treatment, but because deep down it's who i want to be. A happy girl just doing what makes her happy. Probably because i'm the opposite in reality. An ugly, unhappy man who does things that makes himself unhappy.
what duh fuk
actually 100% the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me on league
^ that video made me smile on the inside
***AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA** ( 'A')
Hey you wanna ***AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA** in Divinity?
@Demi Tarot
do it im lonely
gimmie a few minutes
rev up those friers because I'm switching computers
2KRRWM7TW7RNCD
man
the choreography in this video
i think this is humanity at its peak
It's really all been downhill from that moment
how did i never know about a star wars just dance game
ive missed out on life
wait r u srs
@Demi Tarot
You never knew
nope never knew
holy shit how
the universe works in mysterious ways
@mannie.exe
Mmm... not sure if this helps the headache or makes it worse.
its a booty
There was an update released for Fortnite just a moment ago. Didn't see how big it was and I'm 15% into "installing" it after starting it 2-3 minutes ago. @a ghost with purpose @Koala @Mujin
golly jee, you'll be waiting for such a long time ( '^')
Yep. Still not done. So long. _Too_ long.
It has nearly been 9 minutes. Its _only_ at 90%.
o its done
it december
@timlives
Purposefull
CoronaSophium
everything stopped sound making
@timlives
him dead
It's for when he lives
will he ever?
I believe so
fuck
No anime has ever hyped me as much as this has:  @timlives
@a ghost with purpose Heeey bub wanna play some gaaaaaay?
wanna gay?
Does @doakZ wanna play some gaaay instead?
@mannie.exe  sure
Afro Samurai, Gurren Lagann, Kill la Kill, JoJo's Bizzare Adventure, and Psycho-Pass.
The team has a pretty prolific portfolio too.
Thanks Jared.
@Mujin Sup qt3.14
@Koala omg is that fucking Mike
Hey @mannie.exe is it your burfday?
@Koala wAS uP bUDDY bOI
@Koala Yep. It's todaaay.
Happy Birthday Mannie!
I hope you have a great day, friendo
Thanks mane!
"Y-You too!"
Got any plans for today?
Nay. My mom may take me to grandma's for a little bit.
^^'
@mannie.exe hat burd day
dank
borf and shit
so when are we--why god--when are we doing a full party Divinity?
never
🔫-('^' )
okay maybe
I must depart to g'mom's in a bit.
Its a full-party Divinity gaaame. Its no fun because everybody fokken drops.
why can't you be lifeless like the rest of us, cowards ( 'A')9
( '^')
@Demi Tarot The soonest would be when I finish the semester in two weeks
you people and having another week after me >:c
Tbf I'll be on break until the end of January
and I start back on the 14th I think
nominally I'll be taking an English course during that month, but it's online so ez - pz
and I won't have alternating days anymore (;^; )
fuck I'm already tired thinking about it
@mannie.exe Yo you wanna Fortnite?
holy shit
my phone line was and still is out, but somehow the internet came back on
*woah*
I won't question it, I'll assume a higher power though
higher power is a dick
hey man
maybe higher power has got its own power problems
doesn't mean he can bully me
Fortnite makes me miss the Division. @a ghost with purpose
Ugh I forgot I bought that game
Yote.
Adding onto our collection of ***ite** games, @Mujin and I started played **Battlerite**.
Hey Mannie how are you today?
I'm a pretty girl.
Gotcha
Actually, wrong.
You have activated my... _**trap**_ card.
Now this is just confusing.
fug
Whoa Andru people like you
ye thats my disciple
runs like 500-1k viewer mercy stream
and its actually shocking if he says i still ahve people missing my streams 1+ year later
Cat.
*PU*
***SSSSSSSS***
***SS...***
***S.***
78x44mm
35-96mm for the depth range pl0x
Do you think your Daddio could provide me with two 3.1" by 1.8" pieces of scrap wood?
Their depths don't really matter, but ideally wouldn't be slimmer than 1.4~in. and no deeper than 3.8~in.
@Demi Tarot  check game aboof
I seen some art of that on Tamblr
Tubumblr has a lot of arts
best league names
Okay. Where is this from? Because this is pretty genius.
I checked out the deal with Destiny 2's playtime XP scaling. I'm sad now.
UGH.
Rant time.

So, the talk about positive reinforcement vs mistake punishment in video games is long-standing. XCOM 2 's mission turn limits come to find, and one might argue that Dark Souls strikes a balance by both punishing mistakes but also naturally rewarding success through many sensations and consequences of accomplishment. In this case, I notice two things: Bungie both failing to do their MMORPG history homework, and mistaking an enforcement of backwater in-game policies as a mechanic that players would simply "mash their face long enough at and end up having _fun_".

Destiny 2 has a glorified lootbox system involving "Engrams" and, uh, "Dust"? They're prefixed "Bright" -- that's how you know they're the real deal. Upon reaching max-level, player's continue to gain XP, but gain Bright Engrams instead of level ups. The joy of it gets sucked out, unfortunately. By upwards of 80%, actually. There is an unfortuante XP scaling system that decreases players' XP based on how much or how long they've played.

The primary principle persisting this problem is the artificial [sic] scarcity of Engrams. At a glance, it _seems_ that this scarcity is an edge to push player's to purchase the in-game currency to, in turn, purchase Engrams and speed up progression. As far to as why its a problem is quite simple: its an ass-backwards way to accomplish an anti-fun thing that seems to have very little consequence reliant on a player's skill -- unless you consider your dedication to play Destiny 2 enough to warrant an XP punishment.
Rested XP (think WoW) is a pretty common concept. You log out in a safe zone, you gain an XP boost when you log back on after a period of time. Prior to that, however, Blizzard tried something else. Something a little more, _ass-backwards_. In short, players would get their XP scaled down by a ridiculous amount after playing for extended periods of time. At that time, the apparent reasoning  behind this was to discourage players from spending too much time on a computer and, _ahem_, ignore their responsibilities. This is a pretty solid parallel, and a prime example of punishing a certain behavior. Blizzard realized that while this system seemed to accomplish the task at hand, players left in a bedgrudging manner and with a bitter taste. To remedy that, Blizzard switched to the system WoW uses now. Players are rewarded for not playing for too long, and remain "neutrally" unpunished for not complying with a glorified time limit.

As promised, the problem I notice in this case is two-fold: first, Bungie "failed" to do their MMORPG homework. Whether Bungie actively chose to ignore such a design decision for other purposes in hard to discern, so they may not have failed at all, but clearly something failed. Lastly, Bungie uses an archaic method for a "modern" problem and says "but if you have money..."

I try to believe that they're just having hard time dealing with an MMORPG scene, or that they're all just really aloof or something.
paraphrasing the phone man, they juse fixed a major fuck up way down the line so my net should be "50% better"
That's hopeful news
@mannie.exe That is why I won't buy Destiny. Bungie made an MMO without considering what the fuck an MMO actually is
It's like they went: "Massive? Well it's takes up a lot of hard drive space. Multiplayer? There are other people involved. Sometimes. Occasionally. If you want. Online? There's internets.
Aight, we have an MMO."
Man I remember when grinding was for mobile games and Koreans.
looking at steam downloads, still doesn't seem like I'm getting above 300 KBs downloads, here's too hoping it doesn't drop constantly, or fuck up when it rains
Status Update: Yeah nah, shit's the same
hi ^^
china #11111!
I keep checking my speed on fast.com every so often and ithin the span of like 2-3 minutes I've gotten from 14 to 600 kb/s, and even an entire MB once.
thing is it keeps jerking around so fast nothing fucking works
it's like trying to eat god damn spaghetti with the plate being dragged around the tables
my internet if it were a roller coaster
Help. My people are going down.
i have never experienced such trauma
semester over
Congladurations
gratzses
uh oh
nani?
Mani?
www.zeroviewers.com
help
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose are you okay?
i
did
it
that damage number is big
that kill number is big
gang plank was mike
talk about hard carried
all that big but veiger is so smoll
😄
smol in size, big in evol
@Koala  want paly
?
"half the problem with people getting wilded out by how strange stuff in jojo gets is that they seem to forget the other two words in the tile of the series are “adventure” and “bizarre”. like its right there. it could not be saying “shit’s about to get fucking ridiculous” any clearer than straight up retitling it “jojo and the shit that got fucking ridiculous"
@everyone
Password: naninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninaninani??????
Manta Ray
@mannie.exe  hey you fuckin brown cuck
Patience you anti-niglet.
no
almost there
Idk why my internet sux
Well, fuck this. I'm out. @a ghost with purpose
rofl
@mannie.exe when you goin to Andaru
He told me to be there after 1. I was thinking as least after 2 or 3. You? @Koala
I was thinking around then
Probably 3ish
@mannie.exe
So I may or may not have just bought all of the official 5e resources. Would anyone be down for a Curse of Strahd campaign?
Yeet!
@Mujin you paid money for that stuff?
Definitely interested in Curse of Strahd.
Yeah mane. Support the stuff you like if you can afford it
Fair.
I do buy games.
I love how @Koala  was confused as if @Mujin is the first person in this server to purchase D&D source material.
I _think_ even @timlives has something.
Idk man the sheer amount of printed D&D material and the cost of each individual thing is just a lot
my internet is garbage
halp
Lolwut
randomly disconnnecting for no reason
since yesterdayt
Have you tried turning it off and on again
yep
Idk
Invest in bitcoin
That'll fix it
#bitcoin
#investor
It hit 18k briefly yesterday. Currently correcting back to 15.4
i saw a reddit post about some big bitcoin site getting hacked
Yeah there was something that happened. ~60M lost
but like
wouldnt it be mildly easy to track a ton of bitcoin being flipped?
so they have to cash in slow
Since bitcoin is back to 15k all the other coin are going back up. Litecoin jumped 30 bucks today I'm super happy
Ethereum is back up to 460
@Demi Tarot Found a kindred spirit
my twitter feed is so interesting
look at that cool phone case
😶
Meh I've seen a lot of those
Your feed's a lil dull
the phone case or asian people
('^')
Yo Xanathar’s has so much useful stuff
The asian case. @a ghost with purpose
50V50 fortnite is pretty fun
@a ghost with purpose i shall journey to you momentarily
lit
doors open
okay here's your character sheet for my next campaign
please no
not here
Emperor Nero Claudius, please spin away this offensive imagery with your festive twirls
***PADORU PADORU***
where the frick is eberyone?
Stephan, Andrew and I hung out on top of each other while I tried to cop some wood and screw with it.
oh right
In the end, nothing worked.
And we all left.
There was a dog though.
Dog was scared of me.
And by "scared", I mean, it didn't really me pet her or anything.
wow. I can't beleive Ivy is a fucking racist.
Yeah we made quite a few brown jokes about that.
Not brown as in, they're targetting brown people, but rather in the sense that they were shit-tier.
well, to the dog more of a dark gray
yeet
Psst. @timlives
Pretty accurate. @Koala
HIS VOW OF PACIFISM IS OVER
oh shit
Holy shit
Spectrum guy came over to fix our landlines and unplugged my net mid league game
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
😂
how the human brain works:

electricity tickles the meat so that different slimes come out. sometimes the slime feels good sometimes bad. some people make more bad slime than good slime. that’s called clinical depression.
are you sure I'm not just made up entirely of "bad slime"?
I don't remember the rest anymore.
also, Mannie THIS is the proper meaning of Yeet
YEET
>_programmers_
I'd swipe right just to be friends and get to ride in his truck
im so sad
im going to bed
im gonna post that on reddit tomorrow prob
also
My dad unplugged the internet and couldnt figure out what he did for ~10 minutes
despite me telling him that he unplugged the internet
So who would be down for a Curse of Strahd 5e adventure?
@a ghost with purpose did you go and plug the internet back in
i walked  into the room with the modem
and pointed to the big fat unplugged modem
and said thats it
thats it right there
rude
alright
im the target demographic
I ain't putting up with that right out of the gate
all the blue names are master/challenger smurfs
the blue bars sorry
remove James Cameron
L E G
my ags speced 99
w00t
w00t
pl0x
all human knowledge
wat
No internet all day cuz my dad is being inept reeeeeeeerr
Reeeeee
he unplug it again?
the wifi was being iffy so he tried switching modems and it all went to shit
switching modems?
not routers?
both i think
LUL
see my parents just tell me to do that shit
guess I'm lucky in that regard
i literally woke up
and everything was broken
and my dad was yelling at the spectrum guys
*sigh*
my DnD character, Nicholas, who is was and always will be in it for the bitches.
“I am the Font of my Text
Keys are my Body and Pixel is my Blood.
I have created over a Thousand Faces,
Unknown to ('^' ),
Nor known to ( '^').
Have withstood Pain to create many Emoticons
Yet those Hands will never hold Anything. (, ._.),

So as I pray
**UNLIMITED DEMI WORKS**
         ( 'A')  ( 'A')
( 'A')-  ( 'A') ( 'A')
        ( 'A') ( 'A')
after we get triple killed
**FUCK** you. @a ghost with purpose
You don't banish me.
_Me_ banish me.
can u still join this channel
just curious
no
yes
he can
ok
Wrong again, **CHUMP**.
_**ME**_ banish me not once, but **_TWICE_**.
that's rad af
No Mannie, you’re rad af
aight yeah, there's no way to buy a multi-pack even if you want to gift it all because it auto puts on to your account
so either I give someone else the moeny to buy the 4 pack, or I jsut buy two and have you guys fight to the death to see who gets it 🔫-( '^')
Four pack of what
100% Orange Juice
I liek oranj jyus
do you like it with salt in it?
Never tried it that way
It any good?
if RNG favors you
sounds nice
5 minutes remain
raking in those offline followers
@Demi Tarot
nandeskar
did you get your present Mannmann
funny you link that because I was listening to Lisa music
I did! Thanks for that!
@timlives @a ghost with purpose
Code Souls Abridged:
Got invited to the Sea of Thieves tech alpha @mannie.exe @Demi Tarot @timlives @Meko
Oh sick. Lemme check my old emails, I may have an invite as well.
There's no key, it's tied to Gamertag that signed up for the Insider thing
Ahhh.
and I *just* got the email today
Oh.
I've been "invited" since July 11.
Ah, that's right! They actually had a technical alpha planned for summer of this year.
They ended up cancelling it.
Well, I'm gonna reinstall Windows again.
LTSB is neat and all, but turns out Creators update is pretty neat afterall.
I guess you don't miss some features until you mass-remove everything and then go, "oh shit, that was part of _that_?"
Well this is the first time I've ever used the MS Store for, well, anything
gotta use it for Sea of Thieves
BLAZE IT
all of my wats
OJ soon?
I'm interested in this.
But not for long, unfortunately.
games ar p short
once I consume dinner we can play tho
I’m almost done with dinero
I'll be indisposed for another 30 minutes tho
Had to do a full system restore to finally get things working again
So now I have to redownload all of my steam games!!!!!!!!!! 😢
R I P
my heart
holy moly
I wanna play some 100% Orange Jews.
I'd be downward to clownward
as soon  as I finish listening to this song
yoshi, ikuzo
I am here dess
I have a challenge to play 2 games as a Chicken or Suguri
and a challenge to play 5 games, and I've doen 3
so if you show up and allow me 2 chicken matches, I'll get MANY URNGES
in the mean time I'll dirnk my 0% Orange Soda
where did you gooooo
the 100%OJ experience
look at that shit
thats a horizon zero dawn screen shot
The game is gorgeous
Deer god that’s beautiful
basically in 6 days i can get affiliate = subs = twitch bux
NAAIUSE
Is affiliate a new thing?
kinda
they added affiliate in mid 2017
because partner was too steep for a lot of streamers
and affiliate lets smaller streams start making money faster
Neat
discord isnt detecting my mic
w t f
#12 zyra in NA
hype
NO
PUT IT BACK
TAKE IT BACK
STAHP
D.VA Online 🐧
NO
AHAHA I'M NOT LONELY OR SAD
Wait a minute
Wait a goddamn minute
This cartoon drawing of what appears to be a female is, indeed, of a female, correct?
yes
>inb4 you think it matters
traps aren't gay
there are itty bitty kitty titties if you look hard enough
Just covering my bases.
bases are gay
more like
basic
>he doesn't secure his bases with traps
>ishiggydiggy
I think I'm dying to death
I got an disease
Have you consulted the witch doctor?
he told me OO EE OO AA AA TING TANG WALLA WALLA BING BANG
that's the 3rd time this week I went to the petting zoo instead of the clinic.
no idea why gorillas were at the petting zoo
mmmbunkeys
Company of Heroes 2 is free on humble bundle rn for those of you who like that kind of game
Oh cool.
Dude, let me know if you wanna play Sea of Thieves with me man. @Koala
i wanna get that
what about Tea of Seives
It's in technical alpha.
Technicalpha
Really early stuff.
Jared, I'm so glad to have you around.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
biggie pls
( '^') I'll erase you
juru plaz
You can play the Hurdy Gurdy in Sea of Thieves. @Koala @timlives
@mannie.exe Gotta install it it but aye I'll play
Probably tonight
How hard is it to get in?
I signed up for the Insider Program way back when
Got a bunch of emails with updates n shit and finally got one saying I'm invited to the Tech Alpha
I doubt you'll be able to get an invite for the current alpha. @Mujin
Yayyyyy
I have my new PC set up at hoam
@mannie.exe I have Sea of Fiefs
@Koala Yeet.
i just beat dis guy
feels gud
@Demi Tarot
Wanna play? @Koala
SKolaKola
can u not hear me
I don’t know what any of this means
the team above is "unfairly" better than the one below, as it features three "smurfs"
Aaaahhhhhhhh is that the no stats on s7?
/winrate?
No stats on S6, you mean? Yes.
hey wanna blaysum borknife? @Mujin @Koala
basically challenger players on new accs making mid diamond games unfair @Mujin
its because theres no rating decay in master/challenger during pre season
so no incentive to play
I see thots in swimsuits
I click
im pissed
check out the Rust Punishment Mask on steam market
I bought one for like $5 when they first came out and sold it for $60 after it came off the rust store
Now what are they?
165 is the highest asking price
What are they actually selling for tho
165
209 is the lowest selling price for what people want to sell it for. 165 is the most people are willing to pay
I see...
Yeah that redonkyulus
So i could have made like 160 bucks if i held it for a few more months
To be fair
You did make 55 in profit
true
That's nothing to spit at
i used to buy all my games doing that
Might as well be mad that you didn't buy bitcoin eight years ago
_spits_
*spits back*
**C-C-C-COMBO BREAKEEER**
ow
id buy the cool looking shit on rust store for like 5-20 dollars then wait till they got in new stock and sale the old stuff for triple or more what i paid for it
i made like 200-300 dollars that way
I made 20 bucks off of Twitch Prime gear for PUBG
its how i bought Siege and GTAV
I know that feel
and fallout 4
WORK SO HARD FORGOT HOW TO VACAATIOOON
i love Bolbi
he's my new favorite rapper
fuck
oh dang
its jared
hello
jared
my internet lied ot me about beig connected the past two days. I missed you guys so much
holy shit i was wondering where you were
i even redid my VR setup in the time you were gone
I was gonna flee to my grandma's and mooch off her internet, but my parents were like "oh you're awake, we're going out with friends can you watch the dog?" and I died inside
then I watched TV and got shit faced, came to my room to draw anime tiddy and lo and behold everything was working again
Well we're glad to see you back
^^^
I missed you guys so much, I was telling my cats and puppies how lonely I was ( ;A;)
dude
missed you too
whenever the net goes out I feel so isolated ad useless it makes me wanna die so I just spend hours grinding in RPGs long past the point it stops being fun
this time;s RPG was Xenoblade Chronicles X, where I tries to set up sattelite probes so I could advance the plot. I never got to 15% and ragequit at 14.8% because all the other probes were in impossible to get locations because of high level monsters that would murder me on sight
but I did find a skimpy underboob armor in a dumpster so there's that
profit
!!!
it matched with my robo gauntlets so it was really cash money
still mad
i'm on the internet and still feel isolated
wat do
don't live on a mountain
I've seen the hell
and it is crying to cat
Seek a member of an appropriately qualified medical profession
and alcoholism
@Koala
how dare you
I just finishe my 5th drink adn I usually stop at 3
they were heavily mixed as well
I finished off my bottles of peach vodka
niiiice
and by niiice, i mean, oh daaaamn
they were nearly empty, but I digress
not *that* nearly empty
my legs are most certainly numb
and frankly it feels euphroic
even more so that I have friendship again
I've never had a good experience with numb legs
ohh, yaay!
I shall draw anime tiddy from joy rather than sorrow tonight
I wish I had gotten some more vodka now...
motor skills permitting
I mean, I could still go get some...
But I _should_ also get my life together...
Porque no los dos?
But I don't _think_ I will accomplish anything tonight anyways...
What is anxiety anyways? What is this? How did I get here?
Who am I?
fug
bro, bruh, broseph, broseiden
you can feel the anxiety, but know, there is always a sunrise to every dark night
unless you are in iceland then you gotta wait a bit and you get like 2 hours
Wiser words never have been said J-a-red
:michael:
phew
Thanks for that.
I think I'll... dooo... sooomething.
Probably start that Cards Against Humanity clone.
watch anime or someting
Feel productive.
Nooo, I always get way too emtionally invested then just get saaad.
But not when I'm in an okay point in life.
Then it's okay.
look, any day you enjoy yourself, or feel something, is a productive day
for folks like us, expecting some big breakthrough in creativity is too much. and that's okay, not every day has to be stunning
I know, I know. I still have a financial crisis to manage that extends through me into my parents' lives.
mmmmmmmmmm
kay
i'm gonna go get some vodka
brb
not now I already stopped
it's okay
everything was FUCKING closed
Yeah dude
It's 1 am
It was
It's now 2 am
Everything has been closed for at least 2 hours by now lol
@Koala
Ech.
Shipping is weird
I don't ship Rey and Kylo
least it isn't tumblr where you'll get death threats for shipping the wrong things
is anyone alive
need test mic
What the fuck is the second-last thing you posted? @Demi Tarot
( '^')
('^' )
v( '^')v
Also, wanna play low-level League of Legends where people are still noob and haven't turned bitter yet?
DOWNLOAD IT.
Yes, I know what you're going to say next as well.
"What is this, a JoJo reference?"
Next, you're going to say how I wasn't even close about my last prediction!
Now you're realizing how all of this is stupid anyways. It's League of Legends.
that doesn't sound like a proper response at all, it just seems like a meta reference
YOU WEREN'T EVEN CLOSE IN YOUR LAST PREDICTION
....***!!!***
AHAHAHA.
SO!
Thoughts?
no ( '^')
:c
I need friends that play LoL.
Never thought I'd see this day.
that's one helluva' moogle
that is a ( '^') Dragon-Class
This is important.  @everyone
"Listen here you fat nasty trash, I've seen more reliable things in Rob's Apartment. Such as Rob, the least reliable person I know."-- *Me to my laptop* 2017
I should take a nap before this gives me a stroke
Sooooooo
Since I'm on break now
OH RIGHT, WE CAN DO STUFF NOW
I can do Dibinitiddy
we just need to wait for other people to not be ded
yarp
what was our comp gonna be? in terms of players at least
"Japanese Language Lesson! Adding "o" to the start of words makes them sound more polite. Examples:

kaasan - mommy
okaasan - mother

cha - rude tea
ocha - tea

mae - front
omae - you fucker

pai - boobies
oppai - thine honourable boobies"
yo can u guys see my sub button
next to follow
yarp.
nice
@everyone  uh hey guys did you know you can sub for free with amazon prime and first time twitch prime subs are 20% off this month
Kappa
X D
I literally used my prime sub today
fk
I'M NOT A NEW REEEEEEEYAAAAAAHHHHHHH
Ah. Just had to get that out of my system.
im gonna be commissioning jurd a lot too so prime subs to me support 2 of yer bois
@Demi Tarot Ay Jurd
@everyone Fortnite?
remember when I bought you Divinity
and you promised to pay me back in commissions? Do some stuff for Andyman and we're even
Gimme a min and sure
❤ kolar
I ain't got any ideas of stuff I'd like him to do for me, so fuggit why not help you out
@Deleted User  hows the sex party going
ETA on league patch, 900+ minutes (;^; )
o-o
it's 15 googly bits
what's the latest eta
fuck this laptop
*Whore Mode*
I got an interview with Callibrity tomorrow -- after a month and a half of pretty much nothing. @Mujin @Koala @a ghost with purpose
Woot woot
gl
Eeeyyyyyyy glhf
aight
got a new router, and apparently we're on a newer line, so maybe I got more stability
speed, unlikely but, I'm used to it
YEET
How's that download?
it was done before shit happened
I TOLD YOU IT'D BE DONE BY LIKE 6
but I am eating so hold
fuckin
I shut my laptop before hanging up
so
i found this
what the fuck
shhh
thats an OC
Just get it all out of your system and let me know when I can come back
get back here
I SEE YOU
@Demi Tarot  emote got approved
its kinda smol tho
yeah emotes is tiny
but that's how it is on this bitch of an Earth
ye probably good enough
will get more feedback tomorrow
wanna know a mindfuck?
That line is apparently from *Waiting for Godot* and not just some meme line
hep @Demi Tarot
nandesu quoi?
ay lmao
I'm no aylmao
alymaolme
stop speaking in tongues for I slap you with a dictionary ( 'A')9
So, My Hero Academia's getting a 3D fighting game in the style of DBZ. @Koala @Demi Tarot
Didja' know about this? @Demi Tarot
I heard there was a game, didn't know what kind
people were saying it looked bland, but I have no informed opinion
Its like if the camera in a DBZ game decided to zoom into an area the size of your typical Street Fighter arena.
rminder this this exists
Man i hate hospitals
fuckin giving people medicine (v'A')v
Surrounded by miserable fucks
Smells like DEATH
Yo is everything alright?
usually smells more plasticky to me. but yeah, why is you in a Hostible
Yeah im good, my dad is getting some shots to numb the nerves in his back
Oh yeah those. I'm guessing its steroids to reduce the inflammation around the nerves.
Something like that
I bought a new mic
The audio technica atr-2500
audio technica? isn't that a brand twitch was advertising?
Was $50 at the bx usually like 80 so i bit on it
Yeah probably
had a chance to test it yet?
That’s really similar to mine. I’ve got the AT2020
Yeah the 2020 is like the yeti
The 2500 is closer to the snowball
But it was cheap so fk it
Yeah that’s a great deal on it
Nah im just leaving the store now
Might not last awhile but i just want spmethinf better than headset quality
Something*
for 50 bucks it better last a while ( 'A')9
ehhh
6mo to a year probably
So watcha gonna do with your Blue @a ghost with purpose
Throw that shit away cuz its broken af
Ask @timlives
@mannie.exe yo gz
Im gonna miss u tho
THANKS
Gib deets @mannie.exe
Had an assessment, a pair programming session, and an intervew end of October. All went really positive. Went in for the in-person interview today which went pretty well as well!
They're hoping to extend a "cotingent" offer within the next 2 weeks, and the client work (and my time at Callibrity) won't kick-in until mid-January to early Febrauary (which is when I'll get the final offer).
That’s awesome man!
Looking at $65k per year. 401k with 4% matching, sick benefits.
That's great!
Free dental and vision, and 6-months of the general insurance is paid off per year.
Shit's dope.
Yeah that’s pretty much the same setup I’ve got going on
It’s great!
Man best buy doesnt carry shit for mic accessories in store
Best buy doens't carry shit
Yeah. If you're looking for a pop filter, check out the music store on Tylersville-Cox right across from me.
...or anything audio-related, honestly.
I have a pop filter, i need a shock nount / scissot arn stand
Scissor
Also, got some jimmy johns today
Can say for sure penn station > jjs
I would check a music store, and if all else fails, there's always Amazon.
Gonna call on amazon
I CALL ON MY MAGIC CARD, **AMAZON**!
@mannie.exe
Dude, I fucking _love_ Maggi.
I looked at every post you made since I "left for the night". Thanks for the ride.
dude I wanna l2p ranked now @a ghost with purpose
ranked more like wank...ed
you already done? ( '<')
With what? @Demi Tarot
leg
Oh, sorta'. I had some tea and I'm about to play some more.
Wanna play?
after I walk the dog
how long until deg is done?
gotta wait for mom to leave, then maybe about 5 minutes or so
okay, but how long until mem is leave?
she's on her way out...so like an hour hachchachacha
but yeah not too much longer
jajajajaja indeed!
And in this case, I'll wait.
gimmie like 10 minutes total or so
FOOD @Demi Tarot
dog is asshole
test
okay, weird, Twitch won't let me send messages
So I found this is our company’s user base
ooof
*DOOT DOOT DOOT **DOOOOOT***
*DOOT DOOT DOOT **DOOOOOOOOT***
*DOOT DOOT DOOT **DOOOOOT**, doot doot, DOOT DOOT DOOT **DOOOOOOOOT***
they actually ran a new line up to our house and fixed the ancient corroded box
a speed test gave me 1.2 Mbps 3 times in a row
CONGRATS
Wait, that's good, right?
I've done tests and got less than 100 kbs
also the technician siad when he checked the box the copper screws were *green* and he poked one and it snapped
Damn.
Upgraaaade.
merry FUCKIN CHRISTMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
Woooooooooooooo
Happy Chrysler jurd
merry chrysalis
Murrchrimmis
Traps are weird dude
like
gay
but
they look act and sound like attractive women
girly
bois
yeah if they weren't bois it wouldn't be a problem
I see I have made the right decision.
wait a minute
waaaaaaiiiit a minute
that's a boy
mmm boipuss
i mean
gay
it is one of Charlema--Mannie you're banned--one of Charlemagne's faithful knights, Astolfo
Ha look at this faggot stepen not likeing women who are supposed to be men
women who are supposed to be men?
that's a women
"/unban {self}"
fuck you bitch
>bane
no idea
wat
ur
talking
aboot
Mannie you can't just remove your bane, that's too op
you gotta have a weakness
Don't you remember?
I'm just Leomon.
I'm super OP, but I die.
Leomon ain't even OP
Because you fucks are **TOO FUCKING INCOMPETENT**.
he digivolves into a Leomon with spinny blade wrists, then into a BANCHOU
REEEEE
I just bought
all of Crusader Kings 2
all of it
*( 'A') AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*
just as well I was taking a nap or I'd be pissed. Finally get stable net and the power gets knocked out
back on now tho
I would hope, otherwise I would have accused you of heresy.
I wanna play Hide and Shrek @everyone
what the fuck
Its a F2P game where you 1v1 try to freak each other out.
Both players are invisible, but can interact with the environment in certain ways.
That sounds like our normal discord chat
Right, but now we can play a video game about our Discord chat.
I got to thinking about how I don't really remember memes over the years. Shit's just gooone. Outta' my brain.
@timlives @Demi Tarot Remember Candleja-
@Demi Tarot Thems is big tiddy. Also I was taking a shit whilst looking at those Eggman shops and they resonated
y'all ever judt
Wow, looks like Mario got railed.
Rail in Peace, Mario.
Fortnite released that Boogie Bomb, and re-added 50v50.
@a ghost with purpose @Mujin
Beautiful.
Long snoot
Our Jeff and Savior
Blizzard showing off theit levels of mind control with this one
40k people watching a man sit in a chair on xmas eve
saaaAaaveeeeeemeememememememememe
He just gave a shoutout to Dinoflask (
I hope santa comes down my chimney this christmas 😈
MESS WITH JEFF
PREPARE FOR DEATH
as is christmas tradition I'm drunk as fuck
Hello drunk as fuck. @Demi Tarot
I'm sober and oddly not sad.
you missed that bus.  I went to sleep after posting that and now I just have a really bad headache
oh rip
when'd you wake up?
like 20 minutes ago
Oh nice. I went to bed after 10 and had this weird bitch of a sleep where I woke up once after 1:40, again between 3-4, and finally after 5. Probably 'cuz I slept until 3 yesterday.
Merry christmas hebrews and shebrews
Merrrry Crispus errbody
merrchrysler
since total war warhammer is on sale is it worth $20?
Aye
ya
Though you'll wanna pick up a couple of DLC that add some neat stuff, mainly the regiments of renown.
which dlc is that? i dont see it
Grim and the Grave
King and the Warlord
They add new legendary lords to the 4 base factions and give them neat special units
ah ok
```c u n t```
Also Merry Christmas
MERRY CHRISTMAS MAH DOOD
HASHIRE SORI YO
*KAZE NO YOU NI*
**TSUKIMIHARA WO**
*̶͇͡*҉̷̼̱*̦̟P̶̴̞A͍̺̥D̶̲̮O̵̧̭R̷̜͘U̘̲͝ ̷̢̣Ṕ̡̲A̛̛͘Ḑ̸̰O̧̖͝R̴̡̟Ụ̝͕*̸҉̡̠̩*̵̸̼*̧̫̲
murry kribisis
@Demi Tarot  Hey J-a-red when you wanna play Divinititty
yee
hwen
warband is so fucking fun
im glad i finally got it to work
and i can see why you love it michael
It's soo much fucking fun
THAT'S A NICE YOUVE GOT ON YER SHOULDERS
@timlives  on tactician Qanna summons 2 skellies that summon 2 more little skellies
like each
so 1- 2 - 4 enemies
1/2/4, and not 1/3/5?
"THAT'S A NICE YOUVE GOT ON YER SHOULDERS"
are u trolling me
this is the best 5 dollars ive ever spent.
im still up playing m&b
Dang.
That's pretty good.
ive played so much m n b
so good
@mannie.exe
OHOHOHO
Noice
igneel vibes
WAIT.
THEY ADDED A MICHAEL ROSEN EMOJI?!
@Demi Tarot wtffff
What?
:michael: 🌹 🇳
NOICE NOICE NOICE
Noice Noice Noice
Oh wait.
I get it.
@Demi Tarot @Koala
oh right, I knew the name was familiar, but it didn't click
we can't see the Noice
did you get it from another server?
Yeah, I figured.
No, I don't think so. I think BetterDiscord adds it as part of Twitch emotes.
ALSO. The fucking background tile was real:
The ride never ends:
Steam down for anybody else? @here
jk it fixed itself
UHHHHHHHHH
no
honestly i think ive found all the lewd scenes in the game so far
LEWD
Sombrero
WHERE DID THE CAKE GO
WHERE
in her mouth
>headset syncs
>excuse me I don't recognize this?
"in japanese, there’s a term for a person who dual wields swords called “ryoutoutsukai”, literally meaning something along the lines of “two sword user”. it’s ALSO a euphemism for bisexuality"
Coming to ride off with your bitch
I have to start over on Nep Nep 1 because my Nep file isn't on the Nep Cloud so when I got a new Neptop I lost my old Nep
Nep
Pen
Enp
Pne
well tht's the 2nd time a boss dropped it's spaghetto and soft locked my game so I'll take a break. I almost caught up to where I left off
Come here. @timlives
wow wat a qt
Ey @Demi Tarot you wanna divine tonight
nah
Ok
why no
you can't say okay then why ( 'A')9
just curioos
I present this image in place of any proper reasoning
I'll take it.
@Koala Let's go.
Divine it up.
Y EEEE?
i have
**t h e    ｇａｍｅ**
2MP6YG2PLQHQQ6
Screenshot (Dec 28, 2017 1:56:55 AM)
Man what the fuck am I doing rn
riving your laifu with your waifu
But I have 3D women
Well looks like I’m going to NYC for a job interview 🙃
Hot damn
Avanade?
Yessir
Oh btw, did you ever get around to doing the thing I requested?
No I’d didnt. Sorry man. You still want me to do it with the new gig coming up?
Yes, definitely. I've learned not to trust HR people telling me that my "offer will be extended in 2 weeks" -- no matter how awesome of an interview or assessment that I give.
Please.
Can do!
you gotta give'em foloow ups to, they don't tell you that
kiss ass and show you were listening
Oh I have. Was't the issue with the last one, anyways.
I'm going to contact the latest gig tomorrow (a week and a half since the 2 week period just to check in).
I'm interested in this.
I don't even understand why I was so disappointed with Killing Floor 2. Maybe because it was just... nothing. Nothing new, nothing better, nothing different. No reason to really play it.
This might satiate what I was looking for in KF2. We'll see.
I like KF2
and didn't we only play it like once
but yeah this looks neat
Dude, they're making a new System Shock. @timlives
thats cool
So, the initial edge and angst of nicotine withdrawal has worn off. I went from feeling like Shiva the Destroyer, to Vishnu the Preserver, to Agamemnon the Fuck-Upper. At one point I brain engaged RTS hypermode, like that time I wrote my thesis on Donald Glover's music career (the short one), and then I just _understood_ what space is. Hollow Knight's level design is great, and I wanna play some Minecraft. But not the bitch kind. @a ghost with purpose
^')
-=
b
😄
Completed leg #39 out of 42 total of Hollow Knight in under 16 hours. I might just finish with this:
noic
YEEE
@timlives
@Demi Tarot Jurdl
Jurdl Durdl
Big guy tried to call out to me at Wal Mart. My brother was like "I think someone's calling for you."
and I was like "No they're not, just keep pretending to hold a conversation and don't stop walking."
THAT
is a lot of fire
Traps are God's gift to mankind.
Btw
I
After 8 hrs in my current run
Am a trap
Have finally exited Fort Joy
And reached the Seekers hideout in the swump
Fuck me
@Mujin I support you nevertheless
I’ve been wanting to get that off of my androgynous chest
Androgynous
Chest
ishiggydiggy
APPEAR.
@timlives
pls
i got fucken
phreak
in my game
as my adc
lol
good job
qq we lost
Oh my. Would love to diddlee that Nidalee.
@Mujin
@Koala New Years resolution right there baby!
?
Thanks manman
By 2019 I will be a cute anime girl
I want to have two differently colored eyes
We have the technology
o no
@Mujin
yeah i've done that
cmoe here @Demi Tarot
( '^') 👌
Reminder that these dudes worked together.  @timlives @Demi Tarot @Mujin
Also that they uploaded Couch Coins 2 years ago.
@mannie.exe
Haha what.
I miss desktop add-ons...
Hey Jared, do you recall the ones Rob, you and I checked out a long while ago? I think they were either LoL or animoo related.
the whats?
Look at the link Andrew posted.
I think there was one of Mirai (Danny Choo's waifu), or something else, idk.
Did you finish the current D3 season? @timlives
NICE
@Demi Tarot @Koala
ph gawd youre playing _that_ game
does that mean I can post this
Uh
well i dont' think anythings _stopping_ you
the game is pretty popular in Japan actually
what am yuri
what if whenever megaman got a new weapon dr. light shows up and he’s like “awwh fuckin’ sick bruv check that out. metal. blade. that’s fuckin’ mental mate, well good”
jesus fuck
mannie_faux
is that that one Valkyrie Drive
@Koala
happy awkward week of writing the wrong year on your shit
Happy New Year
more like three months
@Demi Tarot
relatable
Absolutely ＳＵＣＣ @Demi Tarot
fuck.
Indian Man Tech. Support -- Activate? @JadedThrasher
dreeshomes.com/90years
one way to inject emotion
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Andrew when Micheal says some dumb shit
Andrew when Micheal continues saying dumb shit
Andrew being sick of Micheal's shit
Callibrity filled the first two teams with their benched developers... they pushed me into team three that won't begin development until March. @Mujin
...so, wanna hook me up with that Avanade recruiter?
@mannie.exe Honestly that’s still earlier than things will get started with Avenade. The timeline I’ve been given from them is that Avenade won’t start up until late March/early April. And I emailed the recruiter and haven’t gotten a response back in a few days
@mannie.exe that amount of time for a waiting period is pretty average for a company with a bigger dev team. When I was looking at GE, it was going to be a 4 month period of waiting before I would start up
Right. But it still means that I now have a bigger window to prospect for other companies.
The waiting is less of an issue and more of an opportunity.
Well, it's a downright financial mess, but I can't really do much about that other than find a job, so...
Just trying to see the brighter, silver lining.
SUMMMOOOOON @Demi Tarot
@Demi Tarot @timlives
Terrible trigger discipline
"You're a big guy"
🤔
umu
Stellarward is down doneloading
@mannie.exe r u done steam
Yes. @a ghost with purpose
@JadedThrasher
yeah
hah
made you leave
no you didn't >:c
surprise surprise
you're in denial
you're the one denying
@timlives
god damn it
hey das pretty cute
Ur pretty cute
😅
You got me.
oh my fucking god
:V
i don't mean to be rude
but he face not right
the donuts disagree
@timlives
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
**AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH**
_Ahhh_?
SUMMMMOOOOON @timlives @Dookbark#6969
Remember this? @Mujin
When'd you teach ivy to balance
🥝
same
when did i get "married pleb" tag
wtf
when did you get married
are you a married pleb?
atleast im special and the only one xD and it'll be a year on 2/19
you got it then
technically Trin has it too, but he's dead as fuck
so you are the last one
it's like the Highlander
YEET
marriage killed that nibba
we noticed you without a title, and Andrew felt sad and was like "wait he's married." and thus you were given the title
it only made me STRONKER
Hey, let's do a thing. @Demi Tarot
I don't mean to be rude or nothin, but I think I'll pass
wat
WAT
WAAAT
I see how it is.
[**this NPC will remember this decision**]
I had to leave the house on a POINTLESS ENDEVOUR and ALMOST DIED probably.
crowded parking lots are fucking scary man
But, shouldn't this near-death experience only _enforce_ your _urge_ to want to _play video games_?
no because I'm FOOKIN
EXHAUSTED
i thought you were a **cool poppa** capable of _anything_
where have you been?
turns out you are a **cool poppa** capable of _anything_ when you're _not tired_
Can you at least appear for a moment? @Demi Tarot
You too? @Koala
If a bee could be a bee from before bees were bees what would he believe in?
help
the motherboard is probably excessive
maybe psu too
also idk what case to get
thinkiie thoughts? @Koala  @timlives  @mannie.exe
also also idk exactly what version of 1080 i want
PSU gud. I think I have that one in my build
Mobo is a bit much
Everything looks good. Like @Koala said, mobo is a little overkill
I would save money from that and put it towards a 1080ti
Aye.
Performance boost from 1080 to 1080ti is actually pretty substantial
Very.
Why 32GB ram?
never have i ever even used the full 16 I have in my pc
got any particular a e s t h e t i c you're going for here @a ghost with purpose
aaaand GPU prices are still inflated -.-
@a ghost with purpose take a gander at this
mkay tyty
1080Ti = worth
fucking love me
*mine
Your part list just needs an ssd probably
mama mia
Orite
Forgot that
Lemme add juan
boom
quik maffs
slapped an NVMe m2 SSD
@a ghost with purpose checkit
mmbepit
yabettabringit
llook gid ty @Koala
😃
m2 SSDs are schweet
the one I put there is supafass
t
Yeah that’s almost exactly what I have too. It’s so nice 👍
plus they just plug straight into the mobo so that's one less pair of cables needed
I will say watch out with the intel card though. With the kernel leak that just came out you’re going to see about a 10-15% drop in potential performance. For you I would also recommend a ryzen cause those are meant to compete with intels multitasking chips. They’re supposedly awesome for streaming
also
make sure that the RAM speed is supported by your CPU
I doubt the RAM speed isn't supported by the i7-7700k, but yeah, I would make sure.
that's something that I goofed on so my Ryzen 5 is only running my 3000 MHz RAM is throttled to 2133
Hmmm.
Wait.
not that it really matters but it annoyed me
DDR4-2133/2400
You may need to underclock that RAM.
7700k should support all modern soeeds
The RAM selected is a DDR4-3000. It might work with that speed, or he'll have to underclock.
which will be done automatically by the mobo
Mhm.
in case of no support, like me
And if not, the BIOS should be pretty easy.
"I wanna make a Game!"
*Attempts to Make a Dungeon*
man
I need to show my weather app to somebody.
And Google's geocode API is down.
wtf
Pop Team Epic Anime is out booooooooooooys
nani
that dumb 4-koma I keep posting with the two girls that have ( 'w') faces
holy shit that has an anime
????
yeah
@timlives
"Shit's on fire, yo"
cute/10
Wtf are those?
Cookies?
I think
"Vastly."
I jjust noticed I didn't get the 2nd bit of that cookie post
that's not true
the cookies actually looked edible
they weren't burnt to smithereens or anything
Don't lose de wey
oh goddddddd
sonic boom came out in 2014
technically 4, but really 3 years ago
wew
chicken neggets @Demi Tarot
fuckin
llllllleeee
do u leik sneks @Demi Tarot
no, but I do like KNOWING WHETHER OR NOT THE WEATHER WILL CANCEL SCHOOL
but those bastards always wait till the last minute
look at dat snek
whew
@a ghost with purpose there be a new big ol skyrim mod coming soon
most relatable post
@mannie.exe ohhh shiiit Vive wireless adapter announced
Q3 2018
Oh damn.
The future is soon.
Ah yes. Lordbound. @Koala
?
I saw this back before Enderaal was released. Glad to see it's still being developed.
Me thinks when I get back and start modding skyrim i'm gonna do these expansion mods
Good thinks.
Check out these sweet pixels I made.  @Demi Tarot
I honestly didn't think I still had it in me tbh. Glad not doing pixel art for literally 2-3 years hasn't really affected me _too_ much.
neese
CRAZY DIAMOND
Hey guys. Excited for the new Marvel movie?
One day we'll get the Hellboy sequel of our dreams.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
Pinned a message.
shook
Gigguk (@GiggukAZ) Tweeted:
They did it. They fucking did it.

Japan gave shitposting a face, and it's name is Pop Team Epic
We were talking about this DAYS AGO Stephan
you too wanna blaysomegaems? @Demi Tarot @timlives
I wanna be dead to be frank
video games are a medium that can help with that
gimmiw a small I'm on a diet
Also, Michael and I wanna know why you have to first be dead in order to be Frank.
Is this a comment on afterlife and rebirth?
yeah, I'm set to be reborn as Frank West
alright well lemme know when you want me to give you the small
michael and I don't kno wat do, but with you around we might do some mein kampf
look. I am a very very tired boy
I AM SAVING YOU
well if you don't wanna or can't that's another story i guess. that's all you had to say mein negger
besides
you can't save me bitchboi
90% of me is screaming to take a nap
the othe 10% is like "You idiot, you tool, if you go to sleep you'll perpetuate this cycle."
fuckin
well you only have two options
to slip or not to slip
I know it was days ago @Demi Tarot I just figured you'd appreciate the tweet
I APPRECIATE NOTHING
awww
u r cranky like little baby
little baby who need slip
little baby no sip go wa wa
go waa waa
waaaa waaaa
dis u
u little baby
seriously though
ye
well
i tripple dog dare u to exist until 9 pm
t('^'t)
*t('^'t)* \*Phases between realities*
wanna watch me stream something?
I will stream until 9 pm if it'll keep you awake
heck i'll stream myself making cards against insanity. or play mgs
Fuggin wudisthis
i'm hoooooome
yayyyy
wasn't that guy a fugger who did some shit?
_heavy breathing_
i gotta start playing supp more in league
i just carried 15-3 as morgana
kachiga my n i 🅱 🅱 a
Books deferred. Gas procured. Food secured. Wait absurd.
TIme to spend an afternoon modding skyrim
Dude that's what I'm doing as well...
_AhhhhhhhhhAHHHHHHHHH_
come appear into the **_bone zone_** @timlives
I meemed
Don't worry -- I identified your dank meme-age.
...hey, that's pretty **ＧÜＤ**.
Too bad it isn't **ＧÜＤ** o' clock yet.
**((✪))**
there
thank
i hope u see de wey too
gud lugg
this face needs to be an emoticon
Pinned a message.
AAAAHHHHHHHHHH
yoyoyoyo
@mannie.exe
ask the man
about the thing
@Mujin
What thing?
???
@a ghost with purpose
We did
He's good
Oh, Michael?
He's down for the weekends.
As in he wants in
What thing
dude u wanna dnd over weekend with Michael, Mike, Jade and I, and with Andrew as the GM? @Demi Tarot
was in a coma, yes I would love that
give me an infor dump on what we know so far so I can make a dude....dudette....or something
I will finish preparing the setting today and gief info dump
Yaaaaaaaaay
Wrote two pages of notes while waiting for my dad to get out of his procedure
Now im hypeeuuu
Also theres apparently some kinda storm coming
Must be something special cuz half of this military base is closed down
hey @a ghost with purpose  watch this
What the heckkkk
I'll watch it when i get gucci home
@Demi Tarot
our D&D party needs to be a Wizard that can only cast Fireball at max level, a Masochistic Paladin, A Cleric with an intelligence of 7 and a normal Rogue.
can I be a Bun
the MJMJM Party
2/3      10/15
3/5      9/15
Current character ideas
A:  Elf Druid
B:  Sheltered Nun
Holy shit
That was whack
hwat was hwack
Yagodda Dewitt
Y'Goda Duet
Pinned a message.
I think I have a character. @Mujin
Eyyy that’s awesome @mannie.exe what class are you playing?
Can you confirm your ability to send messages in #albion for me? @Mujin
reminder
Pop team epic episode 2
seems they're doing the whole "show the episode twice with 2 sets of voice actors" again
but one of the gags changes....I'll keep watching
only that gag changed
It's a white feller, and...what is that other thing
look at the whole post
Motherfuckerwhat
HELLO?
@timlives
Help.
Having not played BotW myself, what are your thoughts on  ?
apples to oranges
I guess you didn't watch the video then.
I'll watch you ( 'A')9
Weird.
wut
<>
I think this is my favroite gag from episode 2
me playing league of legends
@timlives  @mannie.exe
@Demi Tarot
Hey, you wanna play some Overwatch?
art stream in 10 min
ah alright
them sunday raffles
See, I would like to remember that so I don't repeatedly do this, but um...
I never really know when Sundays are...
???
ye
bruh I feel you
@timlives
@Mujin
I feel like I just watched a piece of art
dudde what did i just experience
ancient memes
from Japan
wow i feel like a history student
this was my high school life, I delved into the weird weeby part of the internet and finally found a place I felt like I belonged -( '^')-
no win (;^; )
still up for ogrewatch, or are you guys played out?
Hey, you two wanna watch the first Ace Ventura with Andrew and I? @Demi Tarot @Koala
school in theblorbing
ohhh
riiight
nvm carry on
@mannie.exe Sorry I was playing multiplayer CK2
thanks tho
That's fine, we haven't started yet, and probably won't for a bit.
@a ghost with purpose @Koala
@a ghost with purpose @Koala
I bed now
Gnight
@timlives
сука
блять
Hour till next class hhhhhhh
Decided to walk to the cafeteria and eat rather thwn leave and lose my spot. Not worth
8 fuggin dollars for tresh
_slow clap_
After the cancellation of Large Men, Tim the game-saving rock found new work at Gary's:
A little smoother and smaller before. A little... weathered.
I was about to ask what you were doing up so late, @Mujin, then I looked at the time.
holy shit
guys, realization here
okay so, people are made of meat (-'^')-
so when you eat the meat (v'^')v
you get HP (-'^')-
and when you drink water you get MP ( '^')v
because people are basically ghosts inside of meat -('^'-)
and since people are meat and water, obviously the ghost is water \( '^')/
and your ghost erodes when you apply effort. -( '^')-
Don't sleep on this knowledge you cowards ( 'A')9
but where does the gost end and the meat begin?
where the water ends, fuck's sake pay attention.
so does this mean vegans are ghosts inside of plants
plant meat is still meat, those who argue otherwise are damned fools
bitter celery, bitter men, it's all the same.
titties aren't social commentary, that's just a shirt with social commentary written on it
they one the titty
checkmateatheists
you know this is a new way that i am both offended at misogyny and the objectification of women and ethical business practice deniers at the same time...
i see the humor but part of my eye still twiches
so the commentitties aren't for you, then
Ha. I get it.
oh ~~no~~ yes
"teaching biology to gen z kids: menstruation is when the uterus says "this bitch empty" and "yeets" the endometrium out of the body"
1.25x playback speed is now officially too slow for me. @timlives
First drawing in 4 years
pls critique
real good use of value
the twist ending
He's also got a technically constantly running AMA on his website at that there link below the video
and here, for the lazy gits:
Okay. Three things.
But why?
Broldier 69: "Haha I have a smirk."
D. Cup: "You can peer into the void. Lingering, turning, vanishing. It is not I who is he, but it is-"
no no that's just his stand **[Hungry Like The Wolf]**
wait that's a fox, scuse me
his stand **[Foxy Foxy]**
the top comment
I’m debating whether or not to get a ps4 to play monster hunter.....
i'm going to get one just to play kingdom hearts
@a ghost with purpose ey lookit this
15GB of maps and map assets
I uploaded that to the Albion group a few hours ago lol
We’re on the same wavelength right now
yup there it is lol
to be fair I can't post in any of our RPG chats *cough cough* @mannie.exe  *cough hack wheeze*
You can't post anything there, but you can still view the contents.
Though I do think we should have a generic TRPG channel for things like resources.
I can't post in any of em
not even the ones i was actually part of
which are 2/3
Nobody can post in #telduria and #deleted-channel. They're archived until we resurrect them.
oh
ye
k
😃
Got a long way to go.
```
1. Modeling
  1a. Sculpting       (ZBrush)
  1b. Polymeshing     (Maya)
2. Retopologize       (Maya)
3. UV Mapping         (Maya [w/ Unfold 3D])
4. Surfacing
  4a. Baking          (Substance Painter or ZBrush)
  4b. Texturing       (Substance Painter and Photoshop)
5. Rigging            (Maya)
6. Grooming           (Maya [w/ Xgen])
7. Animating/Posing   (Maya)
8. Rendering
  8a. Lighting
  8b. Shading
9. Compositing (Photoshop)
```
@Mujin @JadedThrasher
fan art of Tyler1 and imaqtpie
...I-I see...
PUT THAT AWAY
Put you away @Koala
whoa
trin what're you doing here don't you have a life to live
poops to take
I like to pop in and ruffle some feathers then ruffle off
i'll feather your ruffles
Also, I’m doing the later and was looking for reading material
Also I subconsciously miss you...?
miss you too budd
Damn recurring dreams man
See you later fam ❤️
Bye Trinity
See you in a year
o wow
can I trust a man named *Nakey*Jakey to tell me about clothes?
The artist that drew the "Commentitties" said her name was Betsy and if you wanna draw fanart it isn't required she be a billboard for politcal agendas (but that's the fun part)
@Demi Tarot Who else _would_ you trust
ClothedJoseph
For the man who needs not clothes is the man who may truly judge them
there's obvious anti-clothes bias though
my beautiful son
It kind of looks like he’s trying way to hard to hold in a fart
well it would take considerable effort since I don't think Horses have the control to do that
also, assuming the sources are reliables, Horses are a clusterfuck of anatomical and psychological fuck shit
woah
i'm shook
I did a thing!
he is so joyous
cute lol
your beautiful
thnks boo
is that for me or for michael lol
..........
np babe
The world will never know
ahahahahaha
it was for andrew
that timing!!!!
My art is better
its like the guy from spongebob
Doodlebob!!
k bye jurd
*some*
**BODY ONCE TOLD ME**
wow this is hard @Mujin
Dang that’s looking pretty good man! Awesome job!
THX
Then I gotta bake it, rig it, and bring it into Unity.
fucking _siiiigh_
HAHAHA OH WOW @Mujin
The horns took me way too long
👍
welp, just had a dream where I stumbled across some werid horrifying image sets on Tumblr. I forgot most except the last two but like. This first one sounds stupid, because like it was 3 people under water, an one farted and one got caught in the bubbles and at first he looked just kind of annoyed, and I was like "ha this is totes Rob, I'mma send it to you guys" but then he started rotting and chasing after them, until one of the two running accidentally farted on the friend running behind him, so he becomes an underwater fast zombie, while the first one ups and vanishes. Then the comic thing cuts ahead till it's just one little girl and she just commits death by fart. Again the fart bubbles are dumb as hell but the art was really god damn disturbing.
( '^')
the 2nd one caught me off guard because I was expecting more image sets but it was apparently a video...unless it wasn't. Where someone was banging on a door screaming to be let in, but all the sounds got drowned out by a loud droning beep, and a handful of bloody figures just blink in for a few seconds and then they and the guy were just gone
the beep was so loud and sudden it woke me up
Woah.
That's fucking cool.
( 'A')
That last one is fucking freaky though. I love how it follows that trope of flashing something fucked up for a moment and then cutting to a dead (geddit?) scene.
Somehow, I relate.
I mean they kinda popped up around him while he was banging on the door
it wasn't just a flash in front of the screen then cut back
it was all one shot
Oh now that's even freakier.
they flickered in along with the beep and then everyone was gone when it went silent
Woaaah. It's like a synchronized death dance.
of dreams in recent memory, though I had one scarier than this, mainly because it wasn't *just* me looking at stuff on the internet. Rather I was in a room that was laid out similar to my room, (same size, me on a bed tucked in the corner on my laptop) and someone linked me a fucking screamer....that looked like it was filmed in the same room I was in, so I turned around and looked out the door into the dark hallway knowing what was coming...and I saw the zombie girl from the video actually walk past the door for a few agonizing seconds before shambling back into my room and screaming me awake
D:
I've had some fucking cosmic horror level dreams. Not recent, but I remember I "dropped" some sort of chemical or some other sci-fi thing-a-ma-bob which "exploded" the entire world at an atomic level to this weird, geometric polymer.
It was like experiencing a glitch sequence, where a glitched object begins to devour everything around it geometrically. Except this is _fucking fast_, as in, the sky itself began to break into these shifting polygons.
Yeah I don't fucking remember any of my dreams
I remember looking up and witnessing a dozen or so geometric, polygonal "planets" that were huge and were apparently close enough to account for upwards of 15% of the sky.
I was like, "shit, did I do that?"
My dead grandma was there too, which made it even weirder.
Oh shit! I have had so many incepted dreams. I forget a lot of them moments after waking up, but some are just weird. I remember being in this white, sterile-looking labyrinth of office corridors. Bursting through an infinite array of doors trying to both find something very specific, and also horrified at the prospect of what might be behind any of those doors. I remember I close my eyes in the dream and wake up somewhere else -- don't remember where -- only to "fall asleep" there to wake up in a dream version of my room. The lighting was surreal, very cinematic. I get up, move around, attempt to reflect on the "dream" I had, then I wake up _again_.
All in one dream.
This is why you don't rapidly compress all of time and space into a singular point of infinite density in your mind, kids.
side note to dream bullshit,  a lot of Yu-Gi-Oh cards have self contained stories in the art
woah
that's a...
pizza...
box...
I-...
Speaking of food, my Knight might have a case of anorexia...
he a bug, he got stick leg
I relate.
don no hau
but it do
for those of you that were throwing twitch prime / subs at me its my resub day if you care to do so again
@Mujin  @Koala  @mannie.exe
I STOPPED AMAZON PRIME BECAUSE I'M DESTITUTE. SORRY.
I'm done... with sculpting.
Ye? @Demi Tarot @Mujin
( '^') -b
🅱retty dang goo🅱
It’s getting there!
I could definitely optimize the result with some retopologizing, but I didn't wake up today and think to myself, "HEY YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT _**I**_ WANNA DO? MAKE BUNCH OF FUUUCKING SQUUUUARES!"
I'm not throwing the Mothwing Cloak on him. Just the default Knight.
Hm... It's not bad. I started learning how to use ZBrush (what I made this in) this yesterday.
FUCK.
I don't actually know how to texture or paint models.
FUCK FUCK FUCK.
_**AHHHHH**_
I need to retopologize.
you don't gotta 'pologize to us ( '^')/
ha i silently made that joke to myself too
@Mujin
absolutely gorgeous
good structure
also holy shit you're getting better
evolving at rapid pace
aye
🔫-( '^') watch yourself
Soon you'll be able to Digivolve.
Faces and hands are difficult
Also I just realised his back arm is somehow bigger than his forward eventhough it's farther away
Yaaay anatomy!
I doooon't wanna daaaaah
I just wanna ride my mooootorsaaaah
cle
Come here. @Mujin
nvm brb
Hahld on mane
Cleaning mah rum
ok
ok birb
@Mujin @JadedThrasher
a bit late, but tips for arm length and junk. Elbows end at the rib cage, wrists at the crotch
@Demi Tarot ey
^')
^')ノ
cmere
when this vidoe ends
too bad ur not a dolphin who can sleep with one eye open
:^))))
xDDD
:OOOOPPP
too bad ur not a dolphin who can sleep with one eye open
:^))))
xDDD
:OOOOPPP
too bad ur not a dolphin who can sleep with one eye open
:^))))
xDDD
:OOOOPPP
too bad ur not a dolphin who can sleep with one eye open
:^))))
xDDD
:OOOOPPP
too bad ur not a dolphin who can sleep with one eye open
:^))))
xDDD
:OOOOPPP
Fair, but @Mujin ask Jade what her character's name was again
Malaha
<>
Let us watch.  @Mujin
Overwatch.
Yee give me a few minutes. I'm getting my computer set up to mine  some coins when I'm not using it
Nice. What are ya' mining?
I setup mine to mine Ethereum when I'm not around lol.
btc right now
how's ethereum?
It's yet another currency. I think the hashing was pretty fat for NVIDIA GPUs as well -- hence why I picked it over BTC.
hmmmmmm I'm using nicehash and I think that pays in BTC
Ahh, cool. I'm using `ethminer` myself. Comes with a little CLI that I can just cron or run batch files for.
best fucking thread
fk my sweet little mouth
[word]
@Demi Tarot
aite this was pretty cool, actually  @a ghost with purpose
think you uh....think you got enough walls?
15 days left
we shall see
needsmorewalls.jpg
i fken
lost
so close
neededmorejpeg.walls
0.00012473
Okay. I've successfully   **c  o  n  s  u  m  e  d**   Pop Team Epic.
@timlives
CHITTY CHING CHING CAN BUY ANYTHING @timlives
just watched ep 1 pop team epic
top comment on crunchyroll about sums it
"Fuck I'm so confused"
@everyone
Pinned a message.
cool
Sittna roun doin nuffin. Give me some Lotte related drawing ideas
*that I can do in public*
a cute yuri couple
Forbidden
Damnit
a turtle
yuri turtles
stop
draw what ever "bilfis borgus" makes you think of
Lotte without habit
Give or take some tweaks
@timlives Ey Mikl I found why Konosuba is good and why I'm going to give it a try
to the surprise of no one
A Gigguk video
Its funny cause it mek me laff
ye
2:30 caught me off guard
dude i fuggin love Gigguk.
yeah he's pretty good
the only anime tuber I actually watch
@Demi Tarot @timlives
Just a reminder that before 2017 took my hopes and dreams, 2016 built them up.
im a wizard
my headset was not on
new alignment chart
NORONYAN
in Japan it's Frieza and Cell, in America it's Whis and Vegeta
what the fuck is that nightmare of a game?
Woo woo
first victory?
ya
nicu
time for map 2
poggers
@Demi Tarot
I just went on a journey
"henh henh, yeeeeeeeeeah"
@timlives @Demi Tarot Aight Konosuba is pretty good
I told you dawg
I told you about explosions
Yeah
just watched ep 2
Megumin: the one trick
literally _one_
that reminds me
Also the cynical MC is the greatest
what do you call a flower that can only juggle?
idk what
a One Trick Peony
rolf
rofl
okay that was good
could you dudes find me a decent prebuilt under 1k for kim? We're getting one for her so that she can play games like arma and such with me
ive been looking for the past few days, but im not sure whats the best
p r e b u i l t ?
_triggered_
yes. prebuilt
yeah i'll take a look lol
because right now, they're cheaper than building your own.
blame crypto currency.
yeah...
you can even ask michael, my 1060 6gb was 250 when i bought it because he was with me when it came in. It's now $600 for the exact same one
Take a look at some of the custom-order sites like Cyberpower PC, Origin PC, etc
That's where I'll look
yea i was looking at cyberpower actually
they have decent prebuilds that you can tweak to your wants
Here's a good site
It's literally a dude in his house doing this shit
_AHHHHHHHHH_
yea anything i build with atleast a 1060 puts it over 1k
yeah the market is stupid inflated rn
stupid fucking crypto
@Demi Tarot
15th Century Knight: I have trained since birth and mastered all weapons, I cannot be bested.
That guy with the worlds first gun: *pulls out gun*
15th Century Knight: ... What the fuck is that..
@a ghost with purpose
wow those are some big...ears
none of those are big
Not even Aqua can quench this bitch's THRST
@Demi Tarot @Koala
Wanna watch a Nick Cage movie? @Demi Tarot
nah
hey man come ooon
it'll be fuuuun
but if na that's cool toooo
yeee
@timlives @Demi Tarot
yeah
w T F
Megameme
alright im not sure i can continue to the second season
jk lets go
omg
the opening to season 2
L O L
HE THREW THE GAVEL
L O L O LOL
for reference urgot E is a big dumb charge' N ' flip
did I manage to convince this entire chat to watch Konosuba via domino effect?
Yep.
wait
wtf
Andrew's fucking binged both seasons?
Damn.
No im on epispde 12
...of season 2? @a ghost with purpose
When you think about it, skeletons are just really hard meat
I suppose. Same matter, different results.
epi 2 of season 2
or 12
total
It's like how people pretend comparing apples to oranges isn't possible except it totes is.
Ahhhh
Gotcha.
BITCH WHY CAN'T FRUIT BE COMPARED
bitch why cant fruit be compared
^^^^
you guys r gr8
- Small Richard
- BIG DICKY
That quote probably trumps my ghost water theory
why tf
the what now
does my computer have no internet for the first 5 minutes
after i turn it on
(Delayed) Event handlers.
More of this nerd
It was supposed to be more like funamusea's style, but I made the body too big
Granted those are stylized proportions even for him
@a ghost with purpose @Mujin @Koala
just finished my english winter class
took me 1h56m of this extended edit of Intro by The XX to write my final essay
Hah! Good job, and good song.
NOE
@timlives
@Koala @timlives @a ghost with purpose
@Mujin
Late Game Lotte Gear
Tis the rare Polar Gondola
this predate Gondola by centuries in meme years
this is ancient 2chan stuff
I think they called it Ningen, but I'm terrified of googling that
I won a raffle
doh
cute
@a ghost with purpose @Mujin @timlives
hey I literally took a python class
and yeah that's pretty much it
Going back and re-experiencing xkcd really makes you appreciate the sense of style that spawned what is now.
aye
classic xkcd are something else
like,
just, what the fuck?
also dude wat
this was the guy I mentioned before
ohhh!
the polar ningen?
ye
I feel like I need to start learning a new language.
Either continue learning Japanese, or start learning Russian or something.
Tsuka buriyatto
bro
what's this about sucky burritos?
MY KOKORO IS GOING DOKI DOKI SENPI
*blinks awkardly after closing crunchyroll*
w-w-why is it 5 am
hahaha weeb
Lol what a weeb
childhood jams
best girl
Houseki no Kuni
wat the fuck is this lad?
Mr. Frosty
the Icy Ass Walrusmin
Also, what do I wanna watch first? (a) Galko-chan, (b) Made in Abyss, or (c) Houseki no Kuni?
byotiful walrsummin
I've only watch Galko-chan so I can only recommend that
Hmmm.
Then I'll watch one of the two other two so I can possibly recommend it! Besides, I'll eventually watch all three of them anyways.
I'm currently about Aqua's attempt at whistling rn
Hm... just finished the first episode of Made in Abyss. @Demi Tarot
Gotta admit, the world and music are so much more atmospheric than what I've been used to from these past couple of years.
It's a welcome change of pace, to be frank.
The premise seems alright so far, but it is only the first episode.
also in addition to my Ghost Water theory
y'know how most people describe ghosts yeah? floaty, semi transparent? sounds kinda like STEAM
because when you die you get so pissed of your whole watery soul done evaporates
You need to become a physicist.
A _meta_ physicist.
i need sleep
Absolute Territory explained
when I gotta stick to objectives extra hard to show everyone up
@a ghost with purpose   next emote
Oi Mannie
fookin
Sorry about that.@Demi Tarot
lemme finish this drawin and we can get back to fuckery
I don't think it's working with multiplayer, mah dood.
how do you knooooooooooooow
Actually, I may have found something.
Hm. Okay, try adding the game's `.exe` file to Steam's library as a non-Steam game.
hwat now
My audio died. One moment. @Demi Tarot
Audio ded.
I think we done for tonight anyway
it good
**Sins of a Solar Empire: Ultimate Edition (GOG Release)**
!JYIRnZDHNx1Rb7zyoc5MlwQJYrPZ4ufvNX-diKt_ULs
Archive password is: **PCGames-Download.NET**
@timlives @a ghost with purpose ^
Pinned a message.
CHEEKI BREEKI baron kill
the reactions
ROFL
if Lotte was an Oros Cleric
league is cancer
so im finally doing my placements right? and i tell the dudes, hey im like shit at this game doing my placements still, and i lock in tristana as my desired champ. dbag bans tristana and his only chat was "welcome to ranked"
fucking commies
League is cancer
Are you gonna be a up for a while? Is fo, do you wanna finish that Human Fall Flat shizzle?
yeah I'm up
lemme zipzop zoppity bop over
hegz yeah
**N I 🅱 🅱 A**?
steam://openurl/
wunderbar
> suck ass
uno secundo
Advertising is hard
Hardly any of these places have a damn email address I can send flyers to ( 'A')9
Well looks like H&R Block has the whole tax advertising thing down
@Demi Tarot you finally posted something very relevant to me lol
@Demi Tarot Ep 2 of Darling in the Franxx
so much innuendo I'm actually uncomfortable
didn't watch it
bruh this shit's _ridicc_
bruh I can't handle this
@a ghost with purpose Boy you thought Konosuba was a hentai fest
that ain't got **shit** on this
but at the same time
it's actually pretty good
Btw
New My Hero Academia season in April
H Y P E
im sorry my friend
but it is YOU
who is left in the sad, chaste dark
just watch epi 9 of konosuba
and tell me if it beats that
that episode was more hentai than some hentai ive watched
aight I gotta watch it then
but seriously I have never felt so uncomfortable
yet so engaged
because, while the episode was 80% innuendo (not kidding)
the writing was pretty good and the characters seem pretty genuine
Ohhh. I completely let Boku no ~~Pico's~~ Hero Academia's new season escape my mind.
_Tone change_
this shit
lmao
shit waifu
oh
absolutely
bronze 1 :/ fuck me
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip
Gzzz
my favourite overwatch meme
since Mercy got nerfed :
holy fuck critical role is so gr8
Yah duud! It’s over 400 hours of incredible entertainment!
possibly the most professional non-esport show on twitch
Oh yeah. I’m pretty sure geek an sundry wouldn’t have worked out if it wasn’t for critical role
i came for laura stayed for the power of friendship
heh
you said
friendship
heh
you said
heh
heh
you
heh
Hey have you played Titanfall 2? @Koala
@everyone
This is important.
Duuuude. What the _fuuuuuck_ is Darling in the FranXX? @Koala
Whaaaat the fuuuck, you think KonoSuba's "hentai-ladden"? @a ghost with purpose
lol psych
Still ~~a good~~ (okay, like, it's whatever)  show though.
"It's just about sex."
Dude I fuckin told you
It's pretty good
At this point I'm just waiting for the Gigguk vid that'll be like wtf
and then actually explain things
@everyone
pls watch
caption "When a player figures out the DMs plan" + adam's face
adam is pretty man stage top left
LOL
my heart dude
lmfao
His face was fucking priiicelessss.
my sides
ha
I guess
12/10
I know
I'm shitting on SAO again
@a ghost with purpose
W t f
I M M E R S I V E
@a ghost with purpose's mood.
That dude's sexual energy is quite electric.
But also, waaaah?
Ken M is a hero
it says penis
my life
im in love
relatable
March 6 baybee
naisuuu
FUCKING FOUND IT
HEY MOE
shalloweb*
@a ghost with purpose
ugghhh
The wait for that game is something I just keep expunging from my mind.
I just pretend it doesn't exist, until one day I will both have the money and a released game to purchase.
meirl
@mannie.exe It comes out in 11 days boi
Then I'll just pretend it just doesn't exist until a crack comes out, I guess.
lol
hmhmhm
i thirst for the blood of innocents
and new anime to watch
Cory in the House is the best anime ever created
@a ghost with purpose surprise, it's anxiety
@Demi Tarot ^
man
mass effect andromeda feels so utterly  uninspired
just
the dialogue is so
wow, bad
hey anyone able to get in touch with michael?
anyone got his number or anything
i really need to get a hold of him like right now
uh
I have his number, but I doubt he's up right now. @Deleted User
I'll text him and  let him know you needed him urgently on Discord.
@a ghost with purpose saw Konosuba ep 9
yeeeup
yeeeeeeeeeup
yup
fuckin
hentai
fest
Darkness is best girl tho
yeeeup
Oh hey it's trin
anyone want a copy of life is strange
i bet andrew would enjoy it
I think he has watched a full play through, but im not sure
Human, appear? @timlives
R<L
I have a long way to go.
@Demi Tarot @Mujin
nani?
Oooh, I'm loving it.
Her right arm's placement seems a little crooked though, IMO.
Her forearm in particular.
I think it should be pointed a little inwards towards her body.
v( '^')v
liking log horizon so far
pretty gud
someone i used to play a bunch of overwatch with posted this today
rofl
sometimes it be like that
this weeks Pop Team Epic sure was something
Subjecting everyone else to MARILYN MONROE **Headphones Recommended**
such vibe
Wind Chime needs to do this
don't copy me
In case anybody ever wondered what a child between Andrew and I would look like.  @everyone
god DAMN MH World looks good
It’s exclusively what I’ve been playing since it came out
I already have about 45-50 hours logged
I'ma spend soooooo much money on vidya this year
Yeah.... This year has already been bad lol
I've been playing Escape from Tarkov
I've dropped 135 on the hella limited edition
thanks for the money over xmas, family
I'm dipping into my 21st bday booze fund for this shit lol
also holy shit MH armors are cool as **Fuck**
Oh my.  @a ghost with purpose
@Mujin
This speaks to me
Eagles won
that's neat
maaaaaaan
what is this ungodly desire within me to play an MMO
because you know it's a step above League, yet still falls into the comfort zone of you being able to spend long hours supporting random jackasses, only raid bosses can't BM on you ( '^')v
+1
my jam
Pt 2
I was a major fan of Link's Awakening and 4 Swords Adventures
woulda like 4sa more if I had FRIENDS
you do not exist
god I wish
"Vsauce -- Michael here"
This is very specifically for you, @Demi Tarot (also, hi @JadedThrasher)
I've seen
Witnessed
have you ever wanted to die ( '^')v
no
Hello, yes? You called?
nsfw
is it a girl
*blinks*
what do you mean
end of season
oh god i just watched 16 episodes of log horizon
lets see if my bones still work
????????
@Koala  is it bad im playing vortex campaigns in twh2 just because the turn timer is 1/4 of mortal empires
One more hour give me strongth
lol
that flamethrower's fucking blue, Jesus
basic bitch flamethrowers were just urnge
shorter range but more powerful
he has made the Shotgun Flamenwerfer
* G A Y *
duh it's a Roman Empreror
Thanks for the reminder that that existed.
I had nearly forgotten.
fuck
Help.
Wot
best tabletop advice ever
@everyone
ye
this laptop won't stay connected for more than a few minutes even after a Router reset. IT's unusable
Niiice.
Speaking of computers with in-built cameras, did you ever find your webcam? @Demi Tarot
no
Come, let me regale you with tales of shit. @timlives
^ there is a series
p y r r h i c v i c t o r y
enjoy good song
I WAS RIGHT
IT WAS A TRAP
🍆  🍆  🍆  🥚  🐧  🥕
So, the new Chinese New Year content for OW dropped yesterday. @Mujin
@mannie.exe bruh I haven’t touched that game since MHW. I’m not dropping another $200 on that
_yet_
I love how you phrase that so casually.
As in, everybody just drops $200 instead of, you know, playing the game.
Accurate.
Shhhhhhh I play the game too
Well not anymore
yoot
"blizzard dev 1: hey for chinese new years lets add skins that reflect the four cardinal directions in chinese mythology!

dev 2: yeah!

dev 1: so genji is the white tiger, mercy is the red bird, and zarya’s the black turtle

dev 2: sounds good!

dev 1: but hmmm… who should be the blue dragon… are there any characters who are associated with blue dragons??? i can’t think of any

dev2: eh i can’t think of any character that LITERALLY HAS TWO BLUE DRAGONS either…… just give that one to pharah she can fly!

dev 1: okay sounds good! "
das a za
Spell Level Spells
lst shield, wratbfal smite
2nd blur, branding smite
3rd blink, elemental weapon
4th pbantasmal killer, staggering smite
p🅱antasmal killer
pbantasmal killer
best fanfiction reading
@timlives
i didnt know uploadfing to youtube took so long
wow
how degenerate
only a true creep would get a mousepad like that
I wonder what kind of website makes such smut
there's so many
like
which one
thems some sweet pants tho
uno secundo
neat I figured out how to type item bonuses from your inventory, peep my  sheet Andrew
accidnetally two dinners brb, hedonism
mistakes were made
bluh
l
I...
Nvm
*GIVES PASSIONATE SPEECH*
Ellen revives Ulfgar
I like doing pathetic lolis - Andrew 2018
Did we decide hellhounds or the Wizard
<> NSFW
fucking unresponsive touchpad
also NSFW
<>
<>
<>
🌩  🌩  🌩
Woah. Nice. @Demi Tarot
Niiiice.
iiiice.
ccc.
@timlives ^
Prps#11753
dolan and frands memes are vintage now, right?
yes
Pinned a message.
help
@everyone  this is pure gold
album of league based valentines card
s
can't sleep. I hecked up
Heck
@a ghost with purpose that last one lol
The score
Indeed.
AHHHHH<>
man
i just had some canes
@Koala  these fools dont know ou chiken place
In case you haven't seen this yet.  @Mujin
there was no food
I am so god damn livid
RIP
like god damn, Mom walks in with a god damn Sonic cup in her hand "There's groceries in the car, I didn't bring food home"
sdufhgsdfgh HOW HARD WAS IT TO BUY ONE MORE GOD DAMN HAMBURGER
when @timlives  and i fuck with each other
@timlives @mannie.exe Ey lookit
INTEGER OVERFLOW STRIKES AGAAAAAAAAAA-
(ꐦ Ò ‸ Ó)
stephan is playing uh
total honor
Ahh I missed you trade chat
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i finished log horizon
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I keep getting sick on this damn holiday
I think you're allergic to commercialization
NICE.
allergic to commerci--bitch I'm a Business student
Said the pot to the kettle
I like cats too
Doesn't mean they don't make my eyes water and itch when I pet them
big ol woofer
@mannie.exe
unionized
mariwanah
miarjuahnw
MarryJIZZLe
Would anybody like to watch Good Will Hunting with Mandrew and I? @here
hummm
Have you seen it before? @JadedThrasher
no but wheh would you want to watch it?
Uh, if you're interested then we can wait for you. Otherwise we were just gonna start as soon as I'm done downloading it.
When would you wanna watch?
i have class in the mornin so im probably not goin to watch it tonight
RIP
@a ghost with purpose
T r a d e c h a t
Ayyyyyy guess who tested positive for the flu!
Not me you get the *fuck* back
Miss me with that flu shit
Okay nerds, today's goal is Lorebuilding for the Kamaigne and Sheep (also naming of the sheep)
We know these two groups of religious hoof n' horn havers had a common ancestor that diverged over religious shenanigans or something. Also they got slightly different legs, Sheep are only sheepy from the calf down (or should I say the lamb down) Where as the Kamaige have  goat leg S-Rank Absolute Territory. Also Sheep are :3 and Kamaigne are :I
and the sheeps got FLUFF
so we know the Kamaigne have some business in Legacia, what with them walking around it for eons. But what are goats and sheep known for? Mountains, what's next to the desert? A shit ton of Mountains. So it is likely that in times of early spiderin' the SheepityGoats Ancestors had homes in these mountains, but for some reason they chose or were forced to leave. Probably because of scary spiders, who knows. I've actually been on the fence of taking the Spider Kingdom and relocating it to a different continent, but that's a big shift that'll take more consideration
Anyway questions now WHY are the Kamaigne nomadic now? since the Sheep are using the crooks now, what kinda staves are the Kamaign packing? Are the Sheep Catholic or Baaaptist?
a nice interview with some blizz devs on BfA
reveals a lot about whats new in the new xpc
>reading one line from a scientific article relating to something I need to do for a grade
killme
>extensivley looking up common ancestors of goat and sheep for some dumb fantasy world
time of my life
Glad to hear the crab cycle is indeed crab
And not imitation
hmmm
raiding 🤔
the goat count rises
Crypto driving up GPU prices makes me sad
But that's a decent prebuilt
The $1050 one is prob the best deal
bout to drop some high dolla on a pc, debating on if thats the 1 i want or not
Hey remember when I was all like, "hey you remember this dude who quacks and gets some beer or something then everything goes demonic?" and @Demi Tarot and @timlives were like, "no?"
im deleting the internet
I'm going home now
@timlives
╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆・ﾟBig and Stinky, Big And Stinky with this chant i summon Minky╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆
@timlives
╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆・ﾟBig and Stinky, Big And Stinky with this chant i summon Minky╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆
That story of the French bit is amazing
so is this
purposeful - Today at 5:23 PM
@timlives
╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆・ﾟBig and Stinky, Big And Stinky with this chant i summon Minky╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆(edited)
weh. I wanna make a turn based strategy game
who wants to war game
I ddecided this after realizing there will never be another advance wars and I'm very sad ( '^')v
dont ask any questions
@a ghost with purpose
@timlives
"I'll be part of the ford expedition"
"Now I'm ready to die."
@Mujin
fuck I'm back to spinny land
anyone up for diablo 3?
i need to beat the campaign again for some reason to unlock adventure mode
Have the seasons changed yet?
I'd play Diboblow, but, money
UHHH.
I would've been okay power leveling you, but idk if I wanna play through the campaign story agaaaain.
Man i fuckin died
yea im lvl 70 paragon 200 or 201 i think
i still have that mage build from like 2 years ago that makes meteors spawn randomly and hit your targets
i can wreck in torment 6 but i still get 1 shotted by a lot of stuff
@timlives  hey fucker
people playing DnD PogChamp
ghey
D&D is the devils game
DIS
thicc + n
a/b^2
anime.tiddy + fffff
🍆  🥚 🍆
if I were to make a war-type game
what would be a good focus point?
...war?
Big battle?
no duh you Genghis Dongis
I mean like, genre, units,
few elites, handful of generics?
generals with generics?
players are generals
players are characters
that kidna shit
Grumblies- Rowdy Forest Goblins
Kamaigne - Masked Nomad Goats
Fasolati - Artist Bard Bunnies
Windoll - Ball Jointed Handymen
Pushar - Tall Fluffy Ruskies
Dropii - Tribal Slime"Girls"
Sichosi - Intellectual Chinese Spiders
Garumians - Fortune Telling Harpies
DuChateau - Feminine Cat Duelists
Verma - Advanced Dieselpunk Mice
{Yet to be named Sheep} - Religious Sheepfolk
{Yet to be named Dinos} - Feathered Dino Warriors
Darkvision. You have superior vision in dark and dim conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can’t discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.
Nimble. You can move through the space of any creature that is of a size larger than yours
Skills. You have proficiency in the Performance skill.
Tool Proficiency. You gain proficiency with a musical instrument of your choice.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common and Cantatio.
Hmmmmm
Brave. You have advantage on saving throws against the effects of fear.
Poison Resilience. You have advantage on saving throws against poison, and you have resistance against poison damage.
Toughness. Your hit point maximum increases by 1, and it increases by 1 every time you gain a level.
Skills. You have proficiency in the Perception and Survival skill.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common.
Innate Magic. You know the Minor Illusion cantrip. When you reach 3rd level, you can cast the Disguise Self spell once per day. When you reach 5th level, you can also cast the Mirror Image spell once per day. Wisdom is your spellcasting ability for these spells.
Cunning. You have advantage on all Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws against magic.
Languages. You can speak, read, and write Common.
Subrace. Three main subraces of Kamaigne populate the worlds of D&D: Mercantile, Traditionalist, and Gruff. Choose one of these subraces.
i cant find my headphones
we'll just yell really loud so you can hear us
Rip
Lotte when she purged that guy
*swipes right*
bun
there's a spellchecker in discord now
why? beats my dick, idk
now we can officially correct @timlives 's spelling
dtf (down to fuckle)
akzidenz grotesk
Pinned a message.
I drew a new icon, but I think the old one was a bit better....but I lost it
@everyone
Yayyy iced at 8:30am
wat
i woke up to a smirnoff ice outside my bedroom door
A fate worse than death
Oh yeah, hab burd day @Koala if still aware of your surroundings
I'm still alive I'm in class lol
One ice so far
There's five left in the house
Its Smirnoff Ice, you could drink 6 in a row and feel nothing
Except the horrible stomach ache from all the sugar
Weak
Heckin gross
Why is this not sending? I have full signal on fiber
I went to a friend's birthday once, and apparently Smirnoff Ice was the best they could get, and it was goddamn honey lemon flavor or some shit
wtf
Honey...lemon
Good god
Yeah like a fuckin cough drop
Ugh
My roommates just tied one to my ceiling fan
And then when I went to get my knife to cut it down there was another in the drawer
Turn the fan on and tell them to come look, then Wham
That was fuckin hilarious
Nah they tied it onto the fan blade
If it was swing around it'd prob ruin the fan lol
Worth it thouh
Remove TP from bathroom, leave one in its place. Put another where the back up TP is stored
Replace their girlfriend with a bottle golem
If I could fit an ice into the tp roll holder that's be amazing
Put one in the tank of the toilet so it messes up the flusher
Nah they'd never look in the reservoir. They're too fucking lazy to actually try fixing issues
Cram it directly in the toilet then
i leik ur new face jared
Yeah the icon I drew didnt scale well, and I lost this ld one
Walked into the bathroom to take a piss
Ice on the sink
Ima drink it in the shower
You're being played like a damn fiddle
It's honestly pretty funny
I need a name for a race of Roman Catholic Sheep
Wooltherans
Dunno, but you're trying and I appreciate that ( '^')-
it's a bit on the nose
i was just going to say "Roman Catholics" but then I decided to actually try
Haaaaa
haaaaa
HEH
Just saw that.
Wait
I'm not Jade
HUH?
let me know whenever the new D3 season starts guys and ill join whoever is playing it
Holy fuck
I need some halp
Cannot sleep for more than 6 hours for the life of me
god damn
**Every D&D Player when their character falls unconscious:** I’m dead.

**Every DM, immediately:** You’re not dead yet.
what if for Sheep...the Croox
like Crux, but like, a Shepard's Crook, which is their holy symbol
Crooxicus
Crooxi
Croxi
Crooxicus Spooxicus
Fuck man
Sitting in the pain management lobby waiting for my dad to finish his appointment, everyone sounds so broken
Everyone just has that, mega sad, god please strike me down tone
Maybe they stream League if Legends
Hospitals suck
When you're not a patient that is
drew best grill
when you came in here, did you see a sign that said Dead *TIMOTEI* Storage?
shoulda got the pocketchain of intelligence
ah ah ah ah ah
@timlives  we can hear u btw
rip
I hope the cat was regularly fed, and whatever follows was done as well.
actual picture of jared's goat
can confirm
is jared
They cute, but the only white goat we got is an adult male
Speaking of goats I need to name two sects of Kamaigne. The ones that left to trade, and the ones who stayed in the desert
Not to be confused with the ones who stayed in the desert to trade
Are the ones in the desert to trade just part of the ones who left to trade
Yes
And they accidentally a whole city which became the capitol of the Legacia province
And despite being a kind philanthropist time has distorted the words and meanings of the first Sultan, so now the current Sultan is an arrogant prick trying to live up to the reputation
The Kamaigne wear masks to deter predators,  but it also creeps people out, so having made a secure city, he saw nothing to worry about and cast off his mask because he was truly safe and happy
Current views recall this as "I need not hide behind a mask for I fear nothing." Damn. What a hardass
Most merchant Kamaigne, tentative title the Desh, still wear masks, but they try to make the look festive and inviting. Not always successful, but it's tradition.
A much smaller sect stayed behind to guard the temples of their ancestors, rare Kamaigne who know the way of combat, The Gruph.
gote
fucking rude
Tried to browse tumblr in public on this damn kindle to cut down the backlog when I get home. Tried to link an image and it gave me a 5 mile long link, and forced me back to the top of the page when I swapped tabs
And just now it decided to randomly autoplay a video. I did not have headphones in and it wouldn't stop when I mashed it or TURNED MY DAMN KINDLE OFF
So...not doing that again
Or using headphones
got Jam art
@deleted-role That's Wind Chime right here. ^
@timlives
are you kidding me youtube
u dont know me man
Even YouTube is telling you to go the fuck to bed
ooof, dangass wreck man, closed the roads, had to go back home
heard 2 people died
"A crossover between King Midas and King Oedipus would be pure motherfucking gold "
Siegfred L. Declaro‏
@SiegRep1998
Follow Follow @SiegRep1998
More
Replying to @EeveeA_
I'm little playing for Mercy in competitive match. Yes,  I'm always of the Rank Silvers give them to me afterwards. You'll just gonna hilarious for this.
this is michael when he goes on a cheese rant
What do you think?
WHER MY PLOT BLOCK
ty for reminder
I always leave way earlier than I need to
But waiting around at home makes me restless
@mannie.exe I'll require you in a bit to acquire photoshop on my desktop
Aight what is this
fuckin uuuuuuuuuuuuuh I forgot
Shirobako
This NPC's name is "Koraud".
Koraud Sturaif?
👌
Maybe, but display only gives "Koraud".
cooookie
an Elite Demiling that's tapped into the endemic (ha) arcane power that resides in all Demis.
In particular this brand has phenomenal raw power, but are a bit unhinged and lack restraint
I feel I've lost myself
In the good ass bbq and foot massages
gaaaaaaaaay
(approved)
Today's random ambition drawn out of a hat is.......*drum roll*......making unique classes
Oh hey.
I just woke up.
What a rito.
Also, didja' ever finish downloading D3?
stuff that has some dynamic options and differentiated playstyles. For DnD? maybe maybe not.
examples?: Some kinda summoner that uses a swarms of tiny minions as support, or a melee class that focuses on different stances to perform technqiues
and lemme check
5 gig left
Nice.
How close to the "optimal" bar?
by my estimates it should hit the optimal bar in an hour
Hey so what's the sitch with your roommates for tonight, eh?
@timlives
also Popteppiku
episode 3 revenge of the Doff
I still remember how outraged you were at the existence of Doff
yeah doff is fucked
Dopeus and derpus have arrived
predictions for the campaign
Egg hatches
 this happens
Campaign ends
I see your WindChime with Brass Knuckles and raise you this
I got a Serpahine Comm
wait, can you align shapes to paths in photoshop?
Not really. That’s much more of an illustrator  thing
Photoshop has smart guides to help, but illustrator has built in functionality for that sort of thing
thought exercise of the day. For a tableytop, what would make for engaging combat scenarios and mechanics ( '^')v
so which historical king or emperor is this one supposed to represent
none, that says Jeanne, but looks nothing like Jean D'Arc in Fate
lol I just thought it was a Fate character
I was gonna say you're paranoia shows you're learning
trying to look this up, it could actually be Fate's Jean, but I've never seen that outfit on her
I'm confus now
Duuude. I fucking love Ralph Bakshi.
I need to watch this whole thing at some point
there's a lot of things I need to watch really
this guy is an inspiration when it comes to contributing towards society
Lol
Astrid
funny, I read an article earlier where the guy said that every Player Death is technically the DMs fault, but that doesn't mean you gotta feel bad every time
I think I'm in love with Khary Payton and his character on CR. @Mujin
hes a boss ass bitch
God is dead
I think I've heard you say this before, but does art imitate life, or does life make JoJo references? @timlives
This argument
Andrew Encouraging You Not To Take That Action.gif
Lmao
????????????????????
you cant SAY that game
got that sorted but my router is still shit
do I can't get anything done
can't relax
can't ANYTHING
I am phone me
I dunno how, but signing out of my iphone, turning it off and back on, then signing in again somehow fixed it
but my wi-fi is shit so I only managed to download Discord
Oi, Evil Mannie-Mannie Statue. Ever hear of "Slay the Spire?"
o pick me
( '^')v have you heard of it
Yeah, I've played it a bunch
do you think a deck building game would work for a multi-person dungeon crawl?
I know roll 20 has the ability to make decks
like, do I think multiple people playing slay the spire together would be f un
is that the q
sorta yeah
if everyone had separate turns probably
if you had to spend a bunch of time figuring out cooperatively what to do could lead to sum argues
right
would you say there are "class" cards or like each class has some passive and a starting deck, and any cards acquired in the dungeon are free to use
in StS there are currently 2 classes, both start with a specific "relics" which act as passives and have totally unique class cards
there is a set of general cards as well that both classes get access to but that selection of cards is a lot smaller
yeah, but since that's a video game it's easy enough for it to sort what class you are to give you those cards
in roll20 mode, you'd probably need to keep those separate and draw from a class specific loot deck or something
either way, unlike Kill the Hill, we got positioning and movement
did u just call _Slay the Spire_... _Kill the Hill_?
thats from like 6 years ago lel
okay, upped my meds, and am now taking it after fucking up and not having it for a month, so if I'm like, high as fuck or way too energetic this session. you'll know why
WindChime's Childhood
next boss
"**_FUCK_**"
What Jade hears whenever she's in Discord
So I think next Saturday I'm going to go to Lexington and go see Dadthew Mercer. Anyone  want to join?
Uh... yes? Where is it in Lexington again? Entry fee? @Mujin
hey im thinking about it
Billy Herrington passed away (;^; )
Oh man.
rip aniki
ikimashou
Do u guys think michael broke his pc
too much osu
v( '^')v
the keys couldn't take it anymore
i seent that
it was lit
👌 👌
Heck, y’all
Seems a lot of you wanna see “Dougal Goldmire”
I was considering him being a Draconic Sorcerer to go along with his goals, but he’d have the Charisma of a moldy sponge
Maybe a barbarian then
Though maybe his forceful personality could be charming? I dunno
You’d need some kinda charm to weasel out lower prices right?
yes
idk
Michael around 10 PM
this is correct
Would some kinda cloak with Blink and Flying be acceptable
1 enchantment per item please  ;-;
you're an enchantment
me keeding ;-;
( '^')-)---
.
fuckin
obviously. The *Grumblekini*
Best Armor, Auto-win, cant fight it
some kinda Protection from Evil armor,
and a Crystal Radiant Rapier that allows a cast of blink?
man
i was like
why is @Mujin  up so late, it must be like 3 am
oh
Trust me, I would be much happier if it was 3am. I don't want to go to work 😢
🐧
fookin. I need to start reading my school email before I sleep
so I guess I can chill for another 4 hours before I need to go anywhere
did I just see a fucking snowflake? Bitch!?
It snowed pretty wildly for maybe half an hour to an hour.
Now it's just wet.
Where dat Maikuru Boruton
I think @a ghost with purpose fell asleep at his keyboard.
I hear snoring.
Didn’t you post that already
Oops
It was still sitting in my msg bar waiting to be shared on mobile
Thought forgot
away it goes
Heck
hm
i can hear mannie but i dont hear michael
and mannie cant hear me
unmute me
Ngl
Kinda cool
But that pic also weirds me out
But I can't quite put my finger on why
are we still muted to you Manmanman
Soon™
hey Michael, if I move the blink to an earring, can I have my sword cast a cloud of daggers on a crit?
sure
dunkey (@vgdunkey) Tweeted:
@timlives
"me, awake suddenly: what.. the fuck

my body: water

me: what?

my body, louder: Woter"
discord is borked
I fell asleep in a dream
dude
the night before last I woke up in my bed within a dream
I remember everything looking a little extra fucked.
I checked my phone and the phone's background was this spooky... scene?
I was all like, "I don't remember changing that..."
Then I woke up again.
And everything was 'kay but not 'kay because I was still myself.
The true nightmare.
when I woke up I was in my room, but laying on my bed weird, like I was perpendicular going off the bed, and my lower body was propped on a bunch of chairs and cushions, because other people were in my room around the computer so we just kinda made the entire floor a chair.

Anyway when I came to, some girl was on me, so my half asleep dream vampire ass self just chomped the fuck out of her, then I was like "Jesus Christ, fuck sorry!"
she seemed into it, but STILL
ooohhh kinky
forget "your party meets in a tavern."
...this... this tastes like a campaign idea.
Also, this is what I devolve into when I feel angsty sometimes, a little all the times.
ain't nuffin wrong with that
have some j-rock tho
I will, right after I have a **_~ s p o cn f u l l~_** of
wtf did they do to vermintide
did they update it?
oooooh
it came outa beta
sick
They made a second one.
is fun
@Demi Tarot mor j rok pls
TOO BAD YOU GET TRANCE
Aural Vampire is the band, the song is Nosaru
i wanna pally
it looks hawt
yeah mike
it's purty good
they expanded the heroes so each has 3 subclasses
thats hawt af
watching lirik play it
yee
dorf dude
gets a flamenwerfer
"Nornweed"
sorry
I'm off talking with other folks
s'fiiiiiiine
fuck man
That soothed my existential stress a bit.
is nice
iszz niiice
!!
...then punches 'em in the dicc?
depends which move has priority
he might be too late
I HAVE CRAMPS IN MY LOWER BACK
AHHHH
no idea why but mom seems hellbent on the fact my desktop is somehow breaking the wi-fi
even when it isn't wired into the router
I googled netgear, and my problem and apparently I'm not the only one, but it doesn't seem like anyone has any permanent solutions
😡
I don't get it
I can hear you
Mike works. @a ghost with purpose
So does the mic.
rip? @Demi Tarot
Kai' Sa is fucking lit
22/4/8
ugh, get a whole day to myself and I get too sick to work properly
...
forgot I can't speak on my mic if I change default input after opening discord
wut
( '^')o *uses soapstone*
We have to play this.  @Demi Tarot
"Priests of Hammerwatch is a fun and addictive rogue-lite game where a party of Priests make their way through a variety of dungeon types, obliterating everything in their path with their Holy Balls™ of death and Christian Laserbeams™. You can also play other classes."
pff
i bring gore
nvm found it
lol
Dude getting kicked out of Benihana would suuuck
the ramen shaman
nevar forget
yee all wanna play soem overwatch? @Demi Tarot @timlives @Koala
that sounds fun
I'll pass
Mom seems really hostile about me having a wired connection even though our wi-fi is just shit regardless
the running theory here is that the LAN cable gets priority bandwidth, so the other devices aren't getting anything and it craps out until we reset it
which can't be right because I've had everything off in my room and it still fucking died
I’ll play in like an hour
AWLROIGHTY AN HOWA IT IS
I'll see you pups _on the field_
Moira is fun
I like Moira
@Koala wanna play nao
Those are my friends from high school. Made it to #1 on reddit for a bit
talk about gettin your head in the game
haha
_head_
NO
@timlives  if i gift this to you will you stream it
dew it
HaHAAHaaHA!
@Mujin @JadedThrasher @Koala ^
Jude Law is a hawt boy
dude he's dumblydore in this one
speaking of hawt boys
help @Demi Tarot
*K*
mmyes
トラップはゲイではない
im gonna get that tattood on me
yes
trying a steel series headset
sound quality and comfort waaaay ++ compared to the logitech ones i had
My Siberia V2 headset is pretty nice. Pretty good for ~$60
I still prefer the fit of my Logitech tho. Bigger, rectangular ear pieces that go around my ears better
>:c
people status
we three are good
just switching my set up around
probably delayed on mike/jade not sure if one of them had business
We should be good right at 8. Currently heading over to my place
cool beans
We're here and getting setup
smae same
HMMM
Also, look at this shit wtf
and I'm done
doomed my sleeping schedule again i think
read yourself into a coma
guess i can mod skyrim
you wont
pusi
Fuck
got em
im fuggin
bored
So apparently Lord of the Rings Online is still getting updates
Because apparently I'm still getting emails about them
So that's kinda neat
oh man this heavy metal die feels so gooood
So you finally ordered some? Cool
Yoo. Did you check out Destin's stuff on Haptx? @timlives
@here Anybody wanna boberbatch?
Am unable to Cumberbatch as I am the _Fluoride_
NANI?
wow
I can hear you just fine
there is more by the way
"Snake and Otacon are the best because one day the little anime-loving engineer said “I think we need a secret handshake” and the grim bloodied veteran who has flamethrowered a man to death said “hell yeah we do.” "
I'm strapped for ideas. outfit suggestions go
for Lotte that is
uh
goth lolita lotte
lotte the belly dancer
lotte the sultress arcane mistress
lotte the barbarian
@Demi Tarot
🤔  I got one, but these are also good
whatd you decide on
you will see
OBOY
Easter Nunny
Ninja
Do a ninja
go home Stephan
I want to
But do a ninja first
I'm already doin another one
FIREFOX
wait
Fuckin
I get burie in like 3 inches of snow, and class didn't get canceled
angery
WEA_BOO_?
MORE LIKE
WEA_SAD_
I found you Jared @Demi Tarot
that's a sheep you *IGNORANT SWINE*
ha borb
I have rediscovered /r/animemes
@timlives
something seems off here
looks right to me
YEAH, that last one is a helmet, not a hat!
ah shit
Hey Mikl
The comments for this one are the most retarded I've ever seen, and it's glorious
i'd fuck a trap no homo
Well you said no homo so it's not gay
yeah, no homo
@timlives
yeah like why
hey there brother
wanna play some
_**HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNG**_
@Mujin ????
gotta look at the whole post
@Demi Tarot
fud
I assumed this was the case but it doesn't help much when it links to fucking PINTREST
yeah the dude literally goes through that
well I'm glad I just learned a different way to open the image directly via right click
Late game Lotte outfit
Man I’m at a mall and the escalator was gated off because it was out of order
Like son it’s still a functional staircase
So there's a winter storm smack in the middle of when I would get @timlives for our next session.
idk if I can grab the man.
@a ghost with purpose ^
use him as snow tires
Also, thoughts for the sick new mannielikes.design?
Navigation hover state:
Missing contact stuff but I have something in mind for that.
@Mujin @JadedThrasher @timlives ^
Also @Demi Tarot
my legs fuckin hurt
I also made this version:
@mannie.exe  I think that the expansion of the on hover elements is too large, because it goes from tiny box off in the corner to massavive visual element.
Yeah, it's gonna fuck with so many people -- gonna be so great.
idk about the colors yet. I wanna keep a gradient on the big squares, but I think I'm gonna simplify the highlighter colors (if I even use the highlighter version).
My inspiration for the squares was this:  Scroll down a bit, and hover over the companies.
I reduced the gradient colors' contrast, and switched to natural highlighter colors.
In that case its a bit diffrent there is a visual field in which the boxes appeare, its not just small to large boxes. For example the netflix box is bound by its own small box and the three other small boxes that sorround it.
Oh, you mean the fact that 4 individual squares combine to make the big square? I'm gonna try to replicate that.
I may just use flat colors instead of gradients though, as it'll be easier to implement them across squares.
...though I could rasterize the gradient and cut it into smaller squares and use that instead.
so the Dragon Lights Festival (v'^')v
it was neat, don't think it outweighed walking laps around a mall for 4 hours, then having to drive home with one of my headlights out, so I had to make do with the fog lights

the lanterns were pretty neat and the performers were god damn amazing

had them doing flips and rolls and climbing on each others' shoulders while spinning plates, spinning around ropes with two metal bowls full of water without spilling any. balancing shit while performing feats of flexibility you'd swear they had no spine. going through tubes

and the finale had someone in a really elaborate noble looking outfit with a cape and a big hat and a mask doing a sort of dance routine, and they were able to just swap masks in an instant. Unfurl fan, fold it back BOOM new face
one of the masks was a Mickey Mouse face, then they walked off stage and shook hands with people (I was one) before they returned to the stage and continued
@mannie.exe  what about going earlier?
pre storm
Hm...
I could pick him up tomorrow evening, and that'd be the best option.
works for me but i dunno if he'd be down
too bad he slepo now
its your call -- we'll workaround if you think its too fucked to drive or you cant haul auzz earlier
But yeah, I'm down to bring him up here tomorrow evening.
Storm's supposed to clear on Sunday too, so that should be fine.
He'd have to sleep at your place for a couple nights.
yeah
the bed only lasts 48h with a 7 day recharge tho
my router thingy says it had 9 clients connected on wi-fi, but like, I can't even think of 9 devices
we don't have neighbors close enough to leech it
my phone and desktop are disconnected,
my game consoles are off-off or unplugged entirely
I could never get my TV to connect, but it is also off
Judging eyes
hah
oi Mannie, tech help pls
I think I need to update the firmware for my router and I can't find the file anywhere
it's not on the either Netgear's site or AT&T's because they have their heads up their asses
Hmm. Could you get me your router's model number? It's both on it's web interface and router itself.
B90-755025-15
Netgear 7550
I need a 6.5 or higher
but the netgear site says it doesn't support it because it's a branded model
and AT&T doesn't have it listed or anyway to get to it either
Have you accessed your router settings recently? Do you have a page similar to
yeah that's the thing I needed the actual file to do that
but they don't have it anywhere I can just grab it
mom tried chatting with support and they said we had the latest which is bull
if it become an issue again I'll just call
concept: some Dropii comes across a magic sword on the beach
NO
*yes*
NOOOO
nu smash
I am no longer Floridated
praise be
but isn't Florida good for your teeth?
I made too many nugs
Any of you guys on?
If so, is this PC worth $449 as a starter PC that I can upgrade for Kim.
We just can't really spend more than that and she needs one like now for school work etc
if you're gonna buy it and try to upgrade it then make sure the power supply will be able to accomodate, is all I can say
It's a slim tower. Does that affect anything
well space will be a thing too
Also is price vs performance worth it for what's currently in it
gotta have room
It's only a dual core but decent RAM and storage I guess
tbh I thought you had finally bought something by now lol
So the integrated graphics are trash in it I guess until I get a slim gpu
She just wants to be able to play league on it and do school work
And yea we would have but she wanted a PS4 more and blew $500 on one
lol nbd
I like I doubt that pc will run many games well but WoW and League runs on anything now and she's got the PS4
HELP @everyone
What is the truth!?
There is not truth
Only legg.
that motherfucker just did the egyptian
hooly shit quality post
"the best part of pathfinder is that if a paladin breaks their oath, they immediately lose access to all class features

including access to their horse

which i choose to believe is because the horse can sense that you’ve done crimes and is ashamed"
fuck, guys
wat
what'd you do @Demi Tarot
nothing
aight
cool
CHECK THAT SHIT OUT
neet
speaking of designs, did you figure out a layout for the commission flier?
that looks purdy cool mannie
NO
I NEED MONEY
Also thanks.
I spent the entire weekend at Andrew's, and now I'm here.
Dying.
...
"Enjoy Yourself" by Saint Pepsi got kicked off YouTube.
FOR THAT REASON
you need money to work on it? I was gonna pay you for it as a surprise, but if you need it to get the job done I don't mind tossing some at you ( '^')v
Oh no. I didn't mean I wanna get paid for the ad, I just meant that I'm stressing about money so I really wanna finish my portfolio so I have a better chance of getting a yob.
Then I can guilt-free focus on your commercial.
I see
Otherwise I'd feel like I'm sabotaging my own chance of getting paid in the future by not getting this done first. SORRY.
It shouldn't take me too long.
Maybe just today and tonight.
...though I did realize that the framework I'm using to build my site doesn't support a key feature that I need for the design to work, and I may have to redo some portions of it in something new...
Haha. I want a career in this.
Mannie until your skills are at **THIS LEVEL** I don't see any jobs coming your way
damn
he beat that paper _and_ flipped the table on us
@Koala  btw you picking up fc5?
@a ghost with purpose haven't actually paid much attention. I might tho
Wbu
its got coops
i already grabbe dit
grabbed it*
intro sequence was pretty good
Aight I'll pick it up lol
@Mujin
Tunak Tunak Tun guy got arrested for trying to smuggle people into the US for a better life
"Bioshock Infinite: HIT X TO SAY RACISM IS GOOD

Bioshock Infinite: HIT Y TO SAY RACISM IS BAD

player: “racism is bad”

Booker: *stares at gun in hand for a long time* “racism.. goes both ways” *kills the only black character in the game who has a name*

"
I got a black poisonwood wyrmwood dice box/vault, its sexy
but how high is your STPM
yhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
let me roll for it
🌭 🍟 Come on baby tell me your lies
⬆ ⬇ ↔ these skeletons are now alive!
<>
Check that final render. It's pretty nice.
far cry 5 everybody
lol
i need it
requesting that you lemme play it while you're not on Steam pls @a ghost with purpose
ya sure
its good gam
I don't understand
i'm sorry for triggering you by saying "dog girl" instead of "cam dog" @Demi Tarot
yeah I read that
what the *fuck* are you talking about
all in response to @a ghost with purpose talking about how great it'll be for Ivy to be a cam dog
oh. I was already out of the call before you said that
** EVERYONE: ATTENTION PLEASE**
**THAT IS ALL, YOU ARE DISMISSED**
@a ghost with purpose
lolwat  @everyone
kinda wanna play it @a ghost with purpose
Nani
Yeh i saw that
It's a classic at this point
@timlives I found your dream woman
i had no idea you could combine them
BUT WAIT
THERE'S MORE
just as well we canceled since I had to run off to do shit for an hour
alls well i suppose
Forgot about Sour for a lil while
wow what a dog
im a fricken do it shaggy
it's too dangerous
when you hit that niche of truck simulators AND anime mods
👌
alignment chart for this group. who goes where
I'm on it.
But first,
@everyone
i dun it
i detest that
Lmao
That's how I know I hit the spot. @a ghost with purpose
Andrew you're a chaotic dumbass and you know it 😂😂
no, i only play a chaotic dumbass 🍆
This is kinda close to my guess
Cept Andrew was neutral bastard and I was lawful bastard
ayyy
ill take it
yeah everybody pretends don't worry buddy @a ghost with purpose
we all wear masks my friend, i only choose to acknowledge mine 🐧
...still a dumbass
<3
_heh_
_heh_
it alright
@a ghost with purpose
never tell me the odds
This cover ( 'A')
I walk a lonely road
'ludicrous speed'
One day Michael and I gazed into the abyss.
The video compression somehow spread just those few pixels pretty much the entire screen at one point.
in English now
help
@Mujin
@timlives
Also, turns out... they also did...
I ENCOUNTERED INDIAN MICHAEL  @timlives
@everyone
poggers
SEE YOU AT PREPATCH @Meko
also i need to level some dudes...
lmao
i wanna do that
soon
im always down to lvl doods
also need a plan of wut we gonna do in the new expac
time for glad 2s
@a ghost with purpose or just be like me and boost them all lol
kboom
woah
@a ghost with purpose when you going to be around
sup
suh
WOAH
sorry i escaped
man
i thought **I** was a nerd
pah
don't disrespect nerds
you are, but there are those who are more nerd
no its great @mannie.exe
but i think ive met some **MEGA** nerds
Who'd you meet that made you turn your head in _intense geek out_?
some friggin nerds
imagine the setting for this campaign is basically this DM going,"Tolkein? More like, SuckmydickIcanDoItbetterKein"
i'm back
i made tacos
what kind
and I dropped one coming up the stairs
did the stairs eat it
I'm super sad and pissed
chicken tacos
1 of how many
made the meat in the crock pot
1 or 3
the clutch survives
33.3 - repeating of course %
of my tacos
i bought my mom a new crock pot for her bday
good investment
shit is ca$h
where tf yall go @mannie.exe  @Mujin
probably hell/bed respectively
wow rude
i leave for 15 min to make tacos
say i'll be back
fuckin
*poof*
Yeah, Mike said that was his last game right after you left.
ill be back
mike u lil bitch
And I left afterwards.
yep
it's that guy
mosquito finding a blood vessel
hot penetration action
little bitch can't just zoom in and bit, nah he's gotta jam it in all willy nilly and wiggle around like some kinda fucking amateur
scrub ass mosquitos
more like Mesquite-o's cause I just smoked their asses
listen to it at 1.25 speed
im 20 minutes in xD
@timlives You gotta fuckin watch the first four parts and this
fucking christ
that's, well, that's just fucking evil
like the commenter said, they're just mean spirited
for total assholery
there's not even any reasonable way to detect them
it's not even fun
yeah, I don't see the appeal of insta-death gotcha traps like that
sado-masochism
the only thing more stressful than character death is having a chump death
That said, totally know where to look if I'm ever building my own evil lair
Of nefariousness
That book is awesome...
I wonder if it's in the big RPG book resource...
Windchime at the beginning of the campaign
Windchime post Dragon Egg Deal
so y'know how a lot of sorcs in D&D are powered by getting possessed by some kinda spirit during birth?
that's how these work, except these spirits are horse spirits from our dimension.
They are Horseresses
( '^')- door's that way
what Lotte did to that last Rockman
role reversal
me all the time
Begone **THOT**
@timlives
i need ur crunchyrorr
new my hero academia
i must weeb
i'll love u
ew gay
i'll pretend to maybe love u platonically
when you finish a drawing but it's subpar
man i finished fire emblem awakening
that was pretty good
important
How dare you?
Meeeh~
how is it that if I leave a soda on my computer desk where there are no food scraps of any sort for more than 5 minutes it gets covered in ants, but leaving a soda adjacent to my laptop which for some reason seems to spawn 1d4 ants every hour or so is untouched
that ant sitch is p weird
Okay no fuck the ant question what I wanna know is
 why was I never informed of alternate universe yandere Hinata?
oh yeah
they grew up
what is that
you guys don't know about post-whatever-the-fuck happens in Shippuden movies?
it's the whole Boruto thing
I mean
i'm watching Boruto
but I don't recognize this shit
it's from Road to Ninja, which I think was Shippuden not Bort
That looks like a fan art
it's a movie
yeah prior to that they released a "what happened to naruto and boiz"
good ol B O R T
yeah it's a movie
like its literally Alternate Universe Yandere Hinata
mike
i did a hackintosh
and Sasook gets turned into an alternate tumblr fantasy boy?
hold me
@Mujin
🤲
i can now only play fortnite
overwatch is off the table
instead of a angsty mope man he hits on everyone
and Sakura is the orphan whose father was Hokage
.... did you reformat your whole pc to run MacOS???
i ain't bitch
Bruh.....
miss me with that dual boot shit
then wtf if naruto? the angsty one?
Not worth
i'm just playing
i'm gonna add windows to one of my TB HDDs
I was about to say.... I was all for it until that
I simply don't know when.
After my next paycheck I’m going to get a 960evo and dual boot it
damn
I have an M.2 960 EVO. Unfortunately my motherboard doesn't have an NVMe slot, so I got a PCI-E adapter.
However, turns out that Hackintosh's on M.2 SSDs plugged into NVMe slots on motherboards get throttled.
Oh really?
So it might be better still to get an M.2 with an NVMe -> PCI-E adapter.
Yeah. I saw a couple posts about it.
The software might have updated since.
that reminds me, need moar stoarage
So it may be avoidable, so check it out.
moar M2
If that’s the case I’ll use the 960 for windows and switch my 850 over to MacOS
so, would anyone be interested in trying archeage's fairly new private server? its a lot less grindy than the trion official servers
Don't have Windows yeeet.
And yeah, that would work. @Mujin
Mannie are you turning into Darren
pls don't
first you don't ever have a working PC
then you pedophile
is slippery slope
then you fight and LOSE to the BIG GUY
I need these.
fish's hell
oiwellrntuacleveroneucheekibreeki
also, kim almost lit the house on fire just a few minutes ago
Nicely done Kim.
how
*noice*
Way to go.
tell her to go back and do it right this time
Also wtf hello @timlives
me too thanks
And @a ghost with purpose
🍆
she lit one of those pot holder things on fire because she turned the wrong stove eye on
btw  Overhang seasonal event nao
no thanks
i hear her yelling and look over and just see flames like a foot high on the stove
I've turned the stove on before and it just caught fire
yeah
mine does that too
every day
mfw gas stove
...okay I'm getting Windows. @Koala
nah
like an electric
get steam OS
its liiiiiit
hey @timlives  you should finish awakenings cause, after the boat you go fuck the sky and its sick
like my stove
no joke the last missions were too hard and I kept losing dudes so i just sent in MC, chrom, lucina, and 2nd kid and they 2vs200'd that shit
I don't know when I played Fire embem radiant dawn when you get to the part where you fuck the sky there were too many dragons
legit just used all the + stat items on my main character and she could wreck everything by herself, much strategy
All I gotta  say is "Pick a god and pray." is one of the rawest things you can say to a guy before ramming a spear through his intestines
yeah
Wow.
Metal.
I miss the bad ass crit animations of the GBA games though
no shit tho FE:Awakening follows a dope story about how you can beat fate if you're clever as shit and also the main character
and FE4 tells a story of war, incest, cults and cuckery
Those animations are gorgeous. Especially the horse-riding combat ones.
Everything is so graceful.
@Demi Tarot
I know riiiiiiiight
now they just flash, have a face cut in, say a one-liner ....and do a basic ass attack
like literally what we did in the one shot
until the end when we pulled out the real shit
Damn, yeah. The Scared Stones' ones are just a treat.
hey wow oh geez my **friend** just let me know that there's a corruption of champions 2 now
bet **he** is gonna have fun playing that
***friend***
yeah i've also got a **FRIEND** who told me about that
**He** said it's only in early beta right now
only version 0.2.0
wait a second, you guys don't have friends
no...no... this story isn't adding up at all
have memes gone too far
did you guys know theres a text called Xanathars *lost notes* to everything else that has a ton more classes
nandesuka
is this official?
some of my favorites, Entropy cleric and Discord bard
No, it's not a wizard publication
but its by a lot of the same authors
Ayy, now that's what I call _wild_.
Oh, it's a DM's Guild publication.
What are your thoughts on the quality of the included content? I'm gonna check it out for myself in a moment. @a ghost with purpose
I think its pretty good, the mild decline in quality that I notice is mostly due  to fact that all the "easy" stuff has been written already
man
can u believe some people just lie on the internet
hehehe
Let's hope for CA's sake that he's over compensating on the timeline
yeah or else we'll gettem
o god i made a looking for players post in r20, wish me luck new campaign
reading now, holy shit that Barbarian Path of the Courageous Heart fits so well if I wanted to use Maddie
I really like the Mage Hunter wizard and the School of Reconstruction wizard, as well as the Runegard fighter
and this next one has "What's that smell? The sweet blood, how it sings to me...enough to make a man sick!" the ability
Also the Healer's Crossbow
there's some good shit in there and it feels official
it mentioned Wizards in the copyright
and said it can be used with Xanathars
but holy shit I'm liking these more than the features
The new background are cool too
for some LORE, I can totally see a Sacred Kin Barbarian could've been Seraphine's Ancestor, who beat the shit out of stuff, was granted land and a title, and his dragon magic was passed down
like holy hell it is straight up a melee Sorc
J'adore~
moving to Bard, WHY WASN'T THIS THE OFFICIAL BOOK?
Discord bard is hella good
beat a bitch with your lute or shank'em with your flute THEN EXPLOSIVELY TELEPORT KNOCKING YOUR FOES ON THEIR ASSES AND LET OUT A SICK GUITAR SOLO THAT BUFS YOUR PARTY AND
DEBUFFS YOUR FOES
@timlives  you fucking ruined a duel of fates for me you cock
what's the party comp looking like?
nab'
man
there's some friggen nerds
and then theres
looking like bard warlock fighter cleric
oh there's a forf?
wait who is the fourth
Ryan Wox Bin
gesundheit
( '^') what's this guy's red hand?
so there's some nerds
and then there's these folks
am I completing your previous statement correctly
so two mixed casters, a melee and a ~~healsloot~~ full caster
that leaves my options pretty open then
I swear to god this guy is trying to fuck his character in voice chat and she's not even created yet
god how depraved can you be. Lusting for your own characters
BELT OF HIDDEN KNIVES
though you can't throw them :c
but they're +2
wait it doesn't cease to exist till your turn ends
YOU CAN THROW'EM
so is this ninjaguy
12 year old
or the forf
the 12
Christ
how close does the description sound to a League Champ
ninja guy is on push to talk at least so i dunno if he's fapping or not
Oh boy I look forward to seeing Andrews posts on /r/DnD
this ryan guy who just joined sounds like a normal functional human being
and he does not sound happy about his company
"How do I deal with degenerates for players"
What about New Girl
Man, I'm too cynical to deal with randos
new girl went to bed at midnight, said she'd join tomorrow
its okay if it sucks
its a **learning experience**
learning experience is code for Trauma, or a good story for parties
oh, I thought of a better version of that Sword of 1000 Cuts I was using in Michael's one-shot.
instead of just using cloud of daggers on a crit, when you hit something the blade bursts into shrapnel that fly around the target until you recall them, or lose concentration. Of note, since the blade breaks when doing this you can't attack and leave the cloud up at the same time
OH GOD, either I missed it or Michael left out an important part of the Healer's Crossbow. It still does damage when it hits *then* heals
Lmao
*chunk*
OW FUCK - Ohh I feel much better now
Guys this is possibly the best.
@everyone ^
yeah so this ryan guy seems like a normal fella
+1
There's also this v
also the party is all *half-elves*
niiice
I thought Katie Perry was gonna be a Dorf
yeah
bard warlock cleric are helves
I should make a high elf.
"Hello, our party consists of a Two and a half Elves, plus a dwarf"
lool
did we decide if you could play next wednesday?
I'll be home by like 12, and wake up at 9 AM for class the next day, so it should be fine
I never go to sleep till like 2 anyway
the sesh time is 7pm-11pm
that should be fine, depending on how long mom puts off doing this or that
coo
I'm usually fine past 8, but there is a chance dinner won't be ready till past 7, or I'll have to take water to goats
minor annoyances at best
so want me to reserve the 5th spot for your character?
if you would
ofc 😄
any idea what you wanna play?
not quite yet, but this supplement has some good ideas even if it isn't "official"
okay just lemme know
the spread is pretty good so far so you have room
a Rogue couldn't go amiss, since I'll actually have a front line to assist....but I've also never tried an archer....but the only archer concept I have is Fairweather and that's MORE LADY ELVES
Cross-dresser boy (Carlisle/ "Carly") would've been a fighter or a bard, so I'll pass on him
archer rogue
who is whomst, Ryan is Ryan obviously, but which is Ninjaguy and which is LeagueBot420
oh wait one has a Zoe icon I think I figured it out
yep
red is 420
I sent you the roll20 link too if you want access to your sheet
What the fuck did I find Michael?  @timlives
@a ghost with purpose I'm imaging this is your campaign, but with more cancer
nah
if its too cancer i will radiate everything
"Does my rogue have a pension"
my sides
so guys
yes chuck
best pc that i can upgrade over time that is currently under 300 dollars
yea
before you say anything
i know
should bought one when i had money
I like how the amount of money available for a PC just keeps decreasing lmao
but kim likes to buy other things and now that we're broke her pc fucking explodes
so she cant even do her school work much less play games
Here ya go
seriously though
like we need a pc for here but we're on a deadass tight budget
ill upgrade it over time, but i just need something to start with, and im not entirely sure if a business level pc is a good starter
due to heating issues, case space, etc
probably go for a shitty laptop with that budget
just for schoolwork
also peep this shiet I made
Yeah just skip the upgradability for now -- idk how Chromebooks are these days, but get something affordable and efficient in that vein. Desktop, laptop, w/e.
The simplicity is actually kinda' soothing. Communicates what's important pretty quickly and feels that extra bit gamified.
@a ghost with purpose ^
its what I want in a "world" map
I love it.
helps visualize terrain, adds noticable landmark and leaves lots of room for adventure
plus even landscapes have stories to tell
Those principles are pretty lost unless you go out of your way to mark and separate territory on "typical" maps.
But here, the map itself is designed with those concepts in mind.
plus its done with a piece of FREEware
woooooooooW
y _AE_     bayb _ee**E**e_ e
i have a problem
I might be realizing I have a strange love of geography/topography
close
I think you have a love for world building.
nah i knew that already
i mean the actually map making bit is pretty damn fun
Right! To be fair, I imagine cartographers as a sort of storytellers.
man i wanna play pool @a ghost with purpose
I'm gonna use this hex tool to map out the larger cities in our campaign to some extent :3
at least calen bar if we ever make it there
Maybe if we make it out of this world, _hehe_.
not in kansas anymore
Indeeeed.
man
i love the little world building chub I get from D&D
Tmi but same
We should collab with Wonderlust stuff like in the future
sure
also: dont let me forget loot from the rock'ems in Albion
Right. Will note it down. I remember you mentioned that the rock shaman dropped a staff.
That it was one of the things that didn't immediately turn to ash and dust.
guess which one of those is actually a girl
Run them hoes?
The pizza?
nope, both dudes
Want more context for the pizza trap
That is the pro league of legends player on C9, Sneaky
he does pretty good crossplays
this was his last one
heh steven is getting turned on by sneaky
Well he does a good job of looking like a female, I'll give him that
wow he's fucking beautiful
wtf
that's so dangerous
this is important
Mom called about the wi-fi
and what do you know, there was a firmware update those lying sacks of shit told us didn't exist ( 'A')9
lolnice
yeah sneaky is a hot girl
no wonder his name is Sneaky
it's not gay if you deny it hard enough
but traps are gay
nah mate
wrong again, white boi @Koala
no u
update: the 12 year old league player is a furry
k
how did you find this out
Corgitaurs
nani
they're pretty great tho
wait what
so
ive been searching all day
what about this
Hey @a ghost with purpose aren't those the ones we used in the computer science lab in high school?
yep
thought so
@Deleted User  that should be fine for school work and stuff
^
good ol regular office/school computer
@timlives
that makes me giggle
keep in mind it only has a vga port, so you have to have a moniter that has one
@a ghost with purpose  shhhhhhh
ah ok
she'd be able to play league on it right?
maybe
prolly
integrated graphics would probably handle Low settings
asking the real questions
tho so would that Cuisinart I linked earlier
she could play league on her laptop with integrated
to put it in perspective, the i5-2400 is a 5 year old processor at this point
wait the text doesn't mention it has a display port, but the picture has one.
it has Intel HD 2000 graphics
wait the text says it has windows 10 but the sticker in the picture says 7
its refurbished
why take the stickers off
but for 300 dollars you could get worse
this will be a good enough stop gap PC so Kim can do work and school
@mannie.exe do u have a Window yet
it is upgradable though right?
mayyyybe? really depends on the power supply
in a sense, it is
i could replace the PSU tho right?
yes
lolno
Wait, I forgot to test out a new method.
I'm gonna do that in a bit.
I'm leaning No on PSU upgrade.
I got distracted watching _Big Trouble in Little China_.
why couldnt i upgrade psu?
I thought I would catch up on the 80's and Kurt Russell -- in no particular order.
no you could upgrade it
but not much
i recommend you look at it more of a stepping stone than a base pc that you'll upgrade
I was responding to @Koala, not you @Deleted User .
Hung Wei Lo
"I've never seen a man" -Stephan
2018
all these
Magical Item: Helmet of Perpetual Disgust
:michael:
For some reason one of Andrew’s messages is stuck on my phone discord and it shows up in every chat
Send help he won’t stop rolling for his vote
LOL
**_SPHIIINX OF BLACK QUARTZ -- JUDGE. MY. VOOOOOW._**
im so uncomfortable
just grab a handful of BEE and rub yourself down
are those bees?
yeah
the caption is something like, they told me to just bee myself
damn boy
<>
should Burgundy keep the skirt or swap to shorts?
along with the skirt/short question, leather bracers or leather gloves
shorts + gloves
Shorts and bracers
which of these 3 should I use as a basis?
vote wan
2
2
volume warning because tumblr
L('0' )7
  <   L
@a ghost with purpose  :cactuar:
@timlives  🍆  🍆  🍆  🚓  ⏸  🌮  🌮  🍑  🐧
Ako eat ass confirm
A WEAPON TO SURPASS METAL GEAAAR  @Demi Tarot @timlives
heck
b l y a t
this is how I _think_ I deal with life, but it is not how that is
this is pretty cool  @timlives @Koala
yeah
that shit's pretty cool
dude wtf is this commercial for PS4's Fist of the North Star vidya game?
p.s. he pulls an "omae wa mou shindeiru" after getting slapped
make sure you knock your car before driving for potential cats
make sure you knock on instant noodle cup lids before eating for potentially stuck cabbages
Happy Friday the 13th. @everyone
_he he he_
2nd one is in July :cactuar:
:cactuar:
We have _always_ had that emoticon?!
:cactuar:
I'm pretty sure you made it, Mannie
why did we not import Gondola
fucking
this chat
ahahaha
aha...
ay lmao
And yeah, I totally forgot I made that... @Koala
Mannie, Mannie, Mannie, Mannie, I need, Mannie, I need you to, I need you to make a thing for Roll20 where whenever a crit is rolled it plays this sound effect <!_Sumo_Sound>
I-
Yes.
I have to poop, run an errand at 0113 in the morning, and then I'll do that if I'm not asleep or too blazed.
0113 was 4 minutes ago ( 6w9)
whew
Errand complete.
Pooped as well.
Time to blaze.
Blaz_Blue_ that is!
Nu best girl
Speak of nu best girls, the new season of My Hero Academia has begun floating around...
How exciting.
I've been meaning to catch up in the manga, but the site I was going to took it down, and I dunno where else to look for it since Batoto died and got replaced by a seedier copy or something? ( '^')o
there's one new episode out
it's more or less a recap episode disguised as some slight filler before the new arc
done well, tho
Damn, I'm about to roll the bitchiest of all blunts. I have very little green and my old, cheap pipe that I got for free with a bong broke.
**HIDDEN TECHNIQUE** // _Split Heaven and Hell, **THE BLUNT HALF-FULL**_:
Begin by loading a blunt with 1/3 to 1/2 of expected weed, roll until weed coalesces on one side, and cut the paper to size.
Man, I remember Ganjutsu.
can't say I've seen this egoraptor animation before  @Mujin @timlives @Koala  @Demi Tarot
I think I've found god?
So you guys know that Jesse Eisenberg played the Zucc in _The Social Network_, but did you know Jesse Eisenberg's sister played Hellen Keller in the _really earlies_?
WOAH
Next Video: _Bobby Lee on the Singularity_
wow things escalated huh
this gif is incredibly topical in regards to last weeks session
honestly
the food in FFXV looks better than food in real life
cool
I remember there being a bit of press on just the food in the game lol
im playing on minimum settings and everything is still super pretty
I was running the demo on just about max settings and it looked wonderful
all these lovely new games
just gonna fish forever
lol
think it's worth it so far?
cuz I've been on the fence
it seems worth the sale price i went for
was like $33 i think
yeah
prolly next time its on sale I'll pick it up
don't really have the time rn
I'll say I'm more excited to play thru this game than anything else I've played in the last ~4 months
alright it just got 180% cooler
in about 60 seconds of cutscene
Was it this
no thats the initial fanservice
I just got to the Pacific Rim cut scene
no i meant the mariachi prince
wat
did you even look at the gif
o lol
i thought it was just an img
i fixed it
Oof. I know somebody who'd look _really_ good in a Cindy Aurum cosplay.
She has the hair for it absolutely nailed.
kno any good Cid cosplayers while we're on the topic
*for a friend*
check Sneaky
🤔
No, but if I ever find **GOD** I'll let you know.
idk i'd bet Jessica Nigri has one
Cosplay of who, _Cid_?
That'd be odd, but I can see it.
Cid is female in 15
see gif above
no
???
That's Cindy Aurum.
Cid's daughter.
Cid's still Cid.
Cid is Pawpaw, he adopted Cindy
oh, muh bad
still
basically female Cid
fucking 🍆  🍆  🍆  🚓  🥒  🌮
who is the cucumber
Oh yeah. Jessica Nigri's most definitely pulled this off already.
its DLC
Pickle Rick.
cid looks like a grizzly WW2 vet in 15
he could use a robot arm though
Right? He looks like he'll start chewing tobacco and talking about the war any minute now.
Whoops. I slipped.
its a pretty simple cosplay to pull off but yeah, done mega well
So I found this artist:  @a ghost with purpose
There are few songs on his Vevo that I like including that.
My favorite out of the three
maybe he died
wow that'd be sad
it's like,
carl: "hey guys let's all move there for no reason!"
jim: "okay!"
douglas mcaddams: "hey why's hilbert still over there?"
he just farted
psshhh
_fish aren't people_
man
I got more than 30+ dms on r20 in response to my lfg
internet is great
primadonna cleric named Van Healsing @Demi Tarot
when
also @Koala  apparently for honor got the rainbow 6 treatment a bit ago and its way better now
but i feel super bittersweet about it, iunno
god damn it
I think I found one of the best insults
@a ghost with purpose we could always take a look
yeh could do
and WOW my friday session DM said he was delaying our D&D session cause his comic book he was reading was getting really good
what a **NERD**
I know Strippin plays a lol of it
wait what
that is
that is dedication right there
what a prick
if he were in this channel right now I'd beat his ass
Yo, someone get in here so I can test my new mic
<> @a ghost with purpose
LOL
wondering how long it takes for lewd requests to roll in from this campaign 🤔
eh?
Andrew's newest campaign or one you're doing?
the former
I ain't doin shit
My bet is on the furry 12 y.o.
bet he'll try some lewd shit within 45 minutes
they seem to be fine in character so far in the supplementary texts, but OoC not sure how much they thorst
He's 17. His existence is thirst.
we were discussing powers, and there was inspiration. THERE WILL BE BAIT
iunno
the 17 year old rejected several sexualizations of women so far
seemed to react in some possible disgust to lewd Burgundy art, disliked Lewd scenes from critical role
did he? I thought he like the burg
it was like a "OH MY" blush response i think
to thong gawker burgandy
Lmao
Ok so maybe the 17 year old is subverting my expectations with his own inexperience
So clearly, the seeker of lewd in the campaign is obviously ANDREW THE DM
AND YOU WOULDVE GOTTEN AWAY WITH IT TOO
🍆
fucked up if true
when does Lotte learn how to do this?
when she lifts
she's lifted Windchime's ass from the gates of the afterlife more times than I can count
I can't count very high
that animation is pretty sick
he does good animation work that looks legit
I like the one where he just has Hector crit by decking someone in the face
"HE'S LOOSE"
lol
I had a dumb idea when I was driving home from school the other day, where I was like "If our D&D characters had personal theme music for a game soundtrack or something, what would the titles be"
"Cancer"
Lotte had the most metal sounding one "Daughter of Life and Death"
Stephan is ban
Steven is gey
I think the one I came up for Sera was "Legacy of Dragons"
Jam had "Poisonberry Jam"
Liam: "One Eyed Wonder"
or
"Puff the Scottish Dragon"
Liam: Gay boy likes dick vol 8
Astrid's would probaliy be somthing like "Endless Shadow" or "Strike from the Shadows"
@a ghost with purpose
Imgur comments are cancer
yeah
Sivir stole that guy's pizza
Elise's is "Almost Relevant"
"Pocket Healer"
fuggin
so andru should I get Final Fantastiddy
I'm bored af
thats a hard maybe
the overarching plot seems interesting but the early chapter objectives are pretty uninspired imo, kinda got bored
yeah but
food
its fun if you wanna crack open some droids with your boys
that's how it always is these days
i find magitek robot soldiers to be super boring enemies as well
like FF 12, it kidna started off in a wat zone, then the character you are gets shit slapped and you get sent over to Vaan, who is irrelevant and stole the main character position with his dumb painted on abs, and you just kinda bumble fuck around until Cool Guy and Hot Bun decide to take you t where the magic happens
i need enenies of flesh and blood so that i can feel their terror as i slaughter them
aren't there like hunting missions and stuff
I recall seeing some bigass monsters n sheit
I realize I have some games in my library that are yet unplayed
I'm going to try out Alpha Protocol
like Tidus was at least marginally related in FFX, but I have no idea why in FF12 they make some dude with no real active motivation in the plot be the MC
also Ashe is *useless*
but she was plot relevant
like many female FF characters
you wanna talk useless female FF characters
fucking the trash fire that was FF4: the After Years introduced a character that was Gilbert's secretary who pretty much only existed to make Gilbert look good, which considering how dumb everything else was, that spoony bard was competent all on his own, so they didn't need to redo the god damn antlion plot *again* to prove a point
man, speaking of reusing plot points, fuckin, there's a dungeon in the first game where you drop down and have to fight a demon wall, across the entirety of After Years you go to that same dungeon and fight that same boss a least 3 times
Grumpy boy finna stab the one whomst interrupted his beauty sleep
lol
I should shower for DnD later but I don't wanna get outta bed
we're starting a bit late also so ya got time
I mean I just got out anyway so
🤔
Motherfucker
there is a goddamn anime
about
fucking
*bartending*
yeah
what am i goddamn watching
an anime about bartending
fucking apparently
wee woo
s( '^')v
getting lessons from my friday dm about making money selling erotic novels
speaking of
niiiiiiceee
i like the captured horror
a man saw her underwear out of wedlock!
ooof, now Ninjaguy is flexing that spectrum
I've watched Bartender. @Koala
It's like a fantasy innkeep who's good with words, but it's an IRL bar and a bartender.
Hence, Bartender.
Don't expect sick-ass, anime bartending tricks, but do expect a bartender remembering an old customer he only served once's order and other emotional shenanigans.
It's very 2000's so kinda' dated.
It reeks of 2006
spirit animal
Infinite shitting on Sharknado near the end, but still useful.
alright important question do i want to start writing a *fantasy* novella or a *smut* novella
stfu andrew
banned
aylmao
do both you coward
fantasmut
fantasy smut
done
write CoC you lil bitch
new flav of fanta omg hell yeah
I don't want to imagine what that'd taste like
like disappointment
a shit covered cock
especially because "smut" before meaning porn was another word for horse shit
so yeah nah doakz is probably right
its interesting, turns out you can independently publish e-books to Amazon pretty damn easily
yeah, have you not see Chuck Tingle's works?
is that the gay dinosaur guy
I believe so, I think he also wrote a book about being pounded in the ass by his book about being pounded in the ass by his book
Lol
yeah
alright should I start with *short fiction* a *novelette*  or a *novella*
start smol
wtf are you doing again
writing *Fantasmut* and publishing it on amazon
wait why
for bucks duh
start small
Did your DM put you up to this
craigslist
no, he answered some Qs tho
australian craigslist, to be specific
speaking of that particular campaign, I need details about these plant monster encounters ( 'A')9
conversation was like, "Woot I'm getting my royalties from my published works tomorrow!" and then "Woah, is that hard to do? Do you make much." and the reply of "No."
lmao
make it furry fantasmut, that's how you turn a "No." into a "I don't want to talk about it."
nah i can't write about what doesn't interest me
*scaly* tho
okay, turn into an Uncomfortable shuffling sound
in their tongue he is *Dohvapeen* "DRAGON PORN"
Aylmao
chuckradaman96
@timlives
what
@Koala
@timlives no u
got em
according to the official chart to internet combacks, smug anime girl trumps no u
@Koala
lmao
do you know what this means
hey @Koala  do you by chance remember if you loaned me your copy of *Game of Thrones* way back and thats when i read it
cause I cant find a copy of the first book in my house
Maybe?
not a clue
I think you brought it with you for reading material to like, florida or something and I borrowed it
Oh shit that's John Mulaney in drag.
god fuckingdofgsdfg
Heck y’all
Ycek everybody.
Lotte’s got an armor upgrade and a breezier toga, Melda has some Dino materials, Chimey will likely get cooler clothes befitting his prestige class. What about Aremir and Astrid?
dude it's skinny michael if he still had luscious hair!
or skinny michael with jared's current hair!
Me and Michael do the fusion dance
...or jared with michael's face???
Are you enflamed
I may or may not have sunbathed, yes.
you know, _praised the sun_?
help me
Working on that suntan for Summer are ya?
no for my crippling depression
TIMESTAMP BABY WOO
fuck no timestamp
Why is it snowing
yeah same
but it stopped 5 minutes ago
also the hell
does this qualify as a commentary on racism?
Potion of srink
Tiry signet ring
Grater Healing potion
Gay Bag of Tricks
Hat of Disgise
Potion of mega super poision
Sheild
that's a blast from the past
I've come quite a way
future michael
and thusly was he yote into the abyss
<>
Wow Sneaky is really good
before: Why do I keep getting Harvins, I want big tiddy Draph waifus
now:
my dumbass done realized Lotte /does/ have remove curse
shhhh
let me have my minion
I figured it'd be too easy to fart away, can't just Konosuba that shit
I mean, if it is a curse that's kinda what remove curse is for
damn that was three years ago
Nerd
say that to my head pubes mofo
"**_...Byrne is attempting his trickiest act of subversion yet: finding stuff to feel good about in 2018._**"
wow that bear story made me really emotional
and it made me jubi_lant_ in my _pants_
you can still be with the wizard
apparently celestial bodies sans quantifiable parameters got a new edition
with the who and the what and the where now? @Demi Tarot @a ghost with purpose
*-#
space pew pew ship goat donkey kong adventure class 5 mekka man tong tasting towards planet destruction, math
^
yarp
I don't like the fact that I get that.
I blame consumerism.
I may or may not be drawing new tokens
and I may or may not have made Astrid's so awesome that I need to redo Lotte's
like damn, there wasn't even an outfit update, but her theming alone gave me plenty to work with
I wanna show it off but it's only fair Michael is the one to see it first
Nah fuck him
Lemme see
🔫-('^' )
( 'A')9 pull the trigger m8
End me
Do it
U won't cunt
BLAT>🔫-('A' )
( '^')
( X^X)
man, the idea of publishing a mediocre short story to amazon is getting me pretty excited. Like even if only one dude ever buys it and he thinks its shit and returns it, still worth
that's the kind of spirit everyone needs
im at 3600 words, 3/6 chapters
1200 words per chapter ( '^')/
good amount I think
its okay for a short story probably, next chapter is the beefy one
>beef
now that Fuckhands McMike seen it, behold
hot shadow dog
ey das really cool
best token you've made yet
that i've seen
yeah I drwe Lotte first but it was kinda eh, then I did this and was like "man now I gotta redo Lotte's"
hopefully this token lasts longer than the last one you made for me
forecastle
fo'c's'le
our new battle music
OwO
w h a t s t h i s
"I think our new programmer might rage quit
Chain of notes attached to a ticket:

New programmer on the completion notes: “Reduced 600 lines of mostly redundant case statements to 15 tightly constructed lines.”

Her manager, in the management notes on the same ticket: “15 lines of code in 3 hours is not enough.”

"
<>
@timlives All Guardsmen Party, TTS edition
things are getting heated BOIS
This is a pretty neat video on the YouTube "algorithm" matter.
a true hero @timlives
magnificent
Yeah, but, Dave Grohl taught Jack and Kyle how to play the guitar again.
@timlives
Spoilers duh
Is the spoiler that you have to fight your buddy?
No.
Just watch.
good cuz das not a spoiler anymore
Shit, that was actually a spoiler for me.
the game's been around for like 30 years
what the fuck did I just watch
Hey @Koala, do  you like ambient instrumentals?
yeah kinda
good background music
This has more of a movement, so maybe not the best background music, but still pretty nice.
woah it feels so subtly off
_wooden canons_
infernosaur and soggymander are neat though
they shoot maple syrup ofcc
one more paper done
I think Ninjaguy may be a bit of a sperg ('^'/)-
I'm waiting for all this planning to go to waste because you pull some shit
aaaaaaaaaa fuck me my eye itches ( 'A')
how tf have I not seen this before
good
<>
i want to believe
🤔
I adore that Persona artstyle man.
Graffiti pop is so fun to interact with when done well.
rip avicii, i liked some of his stuff
whomst?
music artist
produced mostly edm
Swedish EDM artist and producer
I swear to god if it's a seizure.
apparently he'd been dealing with a slew of health issues
largely complications from drinking a shit ton and also d r u g s
pancreatitis and other stuff
pancreatitis
fuck man
overdosed on turnt
holy fuck have you seen any shit on seikon no qwaser? @Demi Tarot
it's tame but fuck-aeiou enough.
FMA with breast milk? a little bit
the 2nd OP is pretty bomb
Literally that.
The OP dude who's mad rad with this "Soma" breastmilk replacement _even enrolls in their highschool to make for an **iNtErEsTiNg** year_.
Honestly, I don't know why this is in my *Albion* notes but I'm scared for you guys:
26 Octopus Fight Club
hot
I just felt this sensation all over my body.
I think it was _lust_ and _power_ mixed with a hint of _struggles_.
what
Full Metal Alchemist
but with breastmilk
what
what
wat
hey
thats my line
wat
nope
yoinked
fuk u\
gimme back my line u lil shit
:cactuar:
man get power from sucking holy tiddy milk, what's so hard to comprehend about that?
did everyone do their level up stuff already
for albion
yup
yee
shut up Steve
hey
yeah there wasn't much for me to do really
i level up my character in Alpha Protocol before I saved and quit
you lil shit ( 'A')
how about I slap yer shit (o'A')9
fite me (o'A') ------O
💥 🔫-('^' )
 ( '^') who shot Stephan?
Twas I!
But it was clearly Sir Gerardo of Jareldsteen.
Also this
bad bot
boi
( '^')9
*** ( 'A')-o BOI IF YOU DON'T GET-- ***
can we all have a moment of silence for those lost in the great fire of Fort Winty
@Mujin
hey, hey look at me
this bitch
im playing D&D
uuuuh.....huh
is that a tiddy monster riding the Subclops with laser eyes and poison breath?
the tiddy monster is a corpse
rip bobs
but yeah, picture of the big bad
I Google'd _fort twinty_ and then I realized my folly. I was also baked.
ya dinkus
ya know what makes me sad
Mannie has never messaged me on facebook asking me to show bob and vagene
he forsook his heritage
i laughed for so long at work today thinking about that
I feel like NinjaGuy is way overthinking this and Andrew is gonna pull a fast one on us to completely change the playing field
I know you can't reveal your tricks, but what do you make of all this?
wow if that's what made you sad, just wait for the day you're disappointed and in tears @Deleted User
jared you and I both know no plan survives contact with the enemy
and all the stuff about char's dad is speculation but could be true
right, this is why I've been taking all this with a grain of salt.
**salt**
we can plan all we want, but that's making a lot of assumptions that can be fucked by a single roll anywhere in the session
_assumptions_
i think they're okay debating things
all I know is I have a headache
and I'm just tossing in possibilities to be a dick
_**dickache**_
Mannie go lay down
this is beautiful
I was thinking about not revealing that it was a hag eye
but I wanted to see how this party handles between sesh debates
it's a mess
not the worst mess
but like its been two days
and we have hardly any info for making any basis of anything really
side note, I seen some of NinjaGuy/Yoh's art
technically impressive, visually disgusting ( '^')v
is it furry
no
ok thank gawd
but lots of gaping overly detailed orifices so it is actually much *much* worse
ew
so he draws porn
but not regular porn
weird shit
man this group just gets better and better
I'm getting messages why are they not sending
anyway yeah his lineart and coloring is pretty nice, just everything I'm seeing is not remotely erotic in the slightest
wait I wanna see
i mean
i want to see
*cough* my friend
but
wants to see
i also really don't
his tumblr is the same as his discord name
wow those are super gapey
like I could crawl into those
oh goddammit
yeah like the detail quality is ok
but the design / artistic liberty is pretty gross
"liberty"
the proportions are all grotesque
yeah I'm thinking that I very much do _not_ want to see
want a sample image?
...yes
well we're on another list now
honestly like
its just gross
yup
it makes me uncomfortable and I have seen **some shit**
yup
well not the first one as much as the second one
did you see the rest of the second image
but my sensibilites are definitely offended
hold on lemme make sure my door is closed
o ok
tell me when to delet
i feel impure
that's
that's just
well
just
no
people pay him for this
oh I believe it
"I beseech thee sir, I simply cannot get it up unless I can see what she had for breakfast this morning"
a few days ago he said he got so bored in a session he started watching porn
ew
and with the newfound knowledge of what hes into and what he looks like
and the fact we use cam
im worried
*mostly kidding*
he's done a....decent...job of not being a *total* creep
yeah he only mentioned rape a few times
he's just _mostly_ creepy
fuckin wonderful
and in his defense it was discussing Satyrs which are known for boundary issues, but...in game?
there's being bored and watching porn
and then there's _telling people about it_
yeh I have mostly no major issues with him
have known and been friends with more creepy people
but like
yall are mostly strangers
yeh
there's creepiness amongst friends
and then there's creepiness amongst not-friends
still better than Darren
yeah this dude just draws 12 year olds
he doesnt skype fuck them in his grandmas closet
*hurk*
okay, I got a headache from the theorycraft arguments, let's have a cooldown on gross talk so I can keep the pills down long enough to take effect
in the mean time uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh......What's your favorite kinda sword? I'm a rapier man myself, but I still love a good falchion
i like bastard swords
aka hand a half
*and a half
*Evil shall find no shelter, as long as my sacred blade, Yato, the blade of peace, the kingslayer, fear revealed, the blade of the half-prince,  the prophecy revealed, lay in my hands.*
gay
Yato isn't a sword it's a fucking chainsaw
My beautiful *Nihonto* will shine as pure as the moonlight on the waters beyond my parents summerhome
Wait I wanna see gaping orifices. @Demi Tarot
What's the Tumblr/Discord?
no you fucking don't
mannie go back to being high
Hey shut up man.
your funeral
i got u mannie
Yesss. Thanks.
np
🤔
and suddenly Mannie went on a bad trip
Ooohh. First thing I see is preggo Gwen from Ben 10 with a ganguro alternative, so he's really into white trash.
Ahh, and the rest just belongs on /d/, gotcha.
more or less
whats that
/d/ is "Alternative" hentai
/d/ickgirl
got yer vores
Yeah, I see what you mean by it's just "not erotic" -- he has... a wooden totems built in dedication to his sexual preferences: fetishes.
yer futas
yer diapers
ha you used both meanings of the word to make a joke
yer other weird shit
We talking giantess stuff, so, giant Miku squishing people under her feet (mixes that foot shit yee), hyper engorged body parts (obviously dicks and tits).
yer hucows
(that's human cows)
Oh, hyper puffy nipples go nip-in-tit with engorged boobs duh.
like, hyper puffy nips that are used as phalluses
Oh yeah, any number of forced fetishes and general bdm
Anti-vanilla.
oh i see
you got dicks fuckin' nips, nips fuckin vagoos, nips fuckin dicks, vagoos fuckin dicks
man futa just *doesn't* do it for me
It's like chocolate, but if chocolate was literal brown shit.
I had a phase. @a ghost with purpose
or the chocolate was sentient and used to fuck things
but like
like Futa doesn't weird me out, but its like, eeeeh v( '<')v
Like, chix with dix is one thing, but chicks with dicks with a vagina for balls is too advanced for me.
unless they like put the lady parts in the middle of the ballsack then its like "Jesus fuckign christ how or why"
yeah what he said ^
aye that
wow what a weird night
I saw somebody kickdown a door, somebody pulled out a gun near a campus, this drunk girl asked me what I'd be willing to do for $20, then I discussed futa and /d/ with dudes I play D&D with.
D&/d/
god no
oh
oh no
wait
what _would_ you do for $20, mannie?
I mean I'd draw something, though I upped my prices so if you want full color that'll be 10 dollars more
idk what i'd do for 20
but what would you for $20 @mannie.exe
what did you tell her
"I am not gay, but twent dolla, is twenty dolla"
Ooff, well, she was drunk and making out with this other black guy at some point, so I had stopped caring at some point.
BUT. She was extremely hot.
ok
but
A lot is the answer.
ok
;]
;;;]]]]]
XDDD
just don't go ass to mouth
That's already checked off the list.
i mean
unless she's into it
idk
consent is pretty key
Yeah the rest is up to chance.
that's more sticking order rather than your mouth to her ass
nothing wrong with tossing salad
Oh no, we talking mouth to ass.
don't stick pp in butt then in mouth
A rimjob, if you might.
Yeah that's, uh, that's too far for me.
Same with ass -> vagina actually.
we were talking AtM not eatin booty like the groceries
that's less an intentional thing unless you're an asshole, and more you not being considerate
Yeaaah. With the amount of lube required, you can't just "accidentally" an asshole.
the fuck my dude
you don't accidentally the asshole, you just go too ham post intentionally the asshole and put it in another port
meat go off
yeah that's typically how you accidentally the booty
@a ghost with purpose apparently For Honor has changed a lot
i kinda wanna go and check things out
wbu
kinda
im not in a super video game mood but i might
see you tomorrow night fuckers
yeehaww-_barf_
later dood
what a wild card
indeed
It's what life is all about.
hey you like listening to some weird shit @Demi Tarot
wtf Matt Mercer showed up on a Grump stream
aaaaaaaaa its game night and I was only able to make one token
HIT ME UP YOU DORKS
( '^') - o _whap_
now what
🔫-('^' )
( '^')- 🔫
Put the guns down or I'll shoot
( 'A')- 🔫 DO YOU THINK IM PLAYING
i wish there was an emoji for how gay steven is
there is though
I wish there was a Michael go fuck yourself
💯
ah thanks
👌
and we have a :michael:
:michael:
what is this
Stephan is 💯 gey
an emoji for ants
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:
and this is the fuck upper
stfen's butthole is this 👌 big
what, the space between the index finger and the thumb, or the ring itself?
we talking sphincters so I'm bound to believe the latter, butt still
don't...just don't acknowledge it
SO did Chimey get any neat visual upgrades
that are noticeable from the shoulder up?
We're going to do the "solo" session at the table.
Don't worry about the token for this session.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
...but I might commission the token.
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
yep
let the horror of performance anxiety simmer in
but it's okay
i'll beat you if it's shit
the TOKENS are a ***GIFT***
We'll make it a full-body with a scene and pose. Might do the scene myself if you're not down. Probably not.
I'll crop a token out of it.
Monochrome.
PRICE?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
it's fascinating, the internet
you can learn so much about what someone's into by googling their usename and finding their fanfiction works on *Archive of Our Own*
the price is the tokens are intentionally made so the entire party has cohesion ( 'A')9
but monochrome stuff is 15, probably another 5 for the background idk
I'll do you $20 for a nicely posed Wind Chime up to my Client From Hell level description.
we can talk business after graduation
in the meantime
Are we still investigating the 12 year olds level of degeneracy?
@a ghost with purpose
nah I got it pegged
he said I could draw anything I want short or possession or a savage beat down
Oh.
Myyyy.
"you can learn so much about what someone's into by googling their usename and finding their fanfiction works on Archive of Our Own"
friends
@a ghost with purpose
i love you
hey charles that's pretty gay
thx daddy
nah i discovered my friday DM is a submissive homosexual with a monster fetish
he's the kind of guy that would tell you that openly though, so its not a biggie
*at least thats what my friend who read the fanfic said anyways cough*
lol
honestly, I dunno why I'm writing a three tier path for your 2 week downtime research @timlives  pretty sure you're gonna jump for the first one I wrote
yeah probley
ALSO also
i found a michael item
please I need that
LOL
It's enough to say, it exists~
eh, it's a level 17 item I'll be ded before then
Now that's an item.
Is this what we're doing now
What is that?
google people
^ing
Just searching for Andrew's D&D party members sexual proclivities
its like, waking up with a stiffy
its just there
Oh.
Because this is kinda amusing ngl
how can I NOT beat it off
that'd just be rude
🍆
its not as intense as Astrid's, but Lotte ain't intense I guess
Sure makes my glad that I just browse reddit for porn
And that I dont create porn
I mean, if you're good at it you make good money
...and apparently if you're absolutely god awful at it too
Not that theres anything wrong with creating it, I just dont like the idea of someone doing what Andrew is doing
To me, at least
yeah running two D&D campaigns a week is some crazy shit
well
its cause you're ashamed of it :p
for both ninja guy and my friday DM, they own it
revel in it even
Good for them
I like my privacy
shameless, godless heathens
Also ALSO also ALSO
there's a revised stars without number ruleset - (citation, JArd)
and it  looks DOPE
What WHAT what WHAT
Ooh neat
BRING BACK VIVIAN! BRING BACK VIVIAN
they fixed a lot of the weird shit
space battles look WAY better
character creation cooler
more space, more kerfluffle
instead of 3 phase battles mostly controlled by the pilot its split up between 5 roles, Captain, engineering, gunnery, bridge, comms
and every station has their own roles
I like that, reminds me of Puzzle Pirates
Only tokens left are Melda and Chime
the but for now was dinner
another paper DEAD
Do the Mannie or the Jade have any inputs on any cosmetic upgrades they may have acheived?
inspiration for the upcoming session
"It was at that moment, Cleetus realized he done fucked up"
gonna walk a bit, shouldn't be late
back
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
you guys should buy furidashi while its on sale
less than 10 bucks for a sweet realistic drifting game
actually looks decent too
we fixed michaels balding problem
take a closer look at that snout
Shiberanian
ye
Also, I just now realized my hand was in the second picture.
I just thought my fingies were her leggos.
oh god, I can hear Mercer's voice in Chrom now, replaying FE:A on lunatic
how can I do a male run if I have to be female to marry him
You can't. You have to start over
fuck alright
brb
*Wait for me Mercer, wait for me...*
alright but
if you go male robin you can marry his daughter, then he's really dad-in-law
hey We are best friends in the world right, I'm gonna fuck your daughter from the future that cool?
my next D&D character :
@timlives
oh no
warcaster wizard with two shields
THE WALL
wtf, in fire emblem fates I just watched a woman burn herself alive with magic to escape the sins of her past
I thought this was like a teen game or some shit
teenagers are all about self immolation man
Was she angsty?
Teens are angsty
Teens are about self immolation
Mfw "Adult themes" on the ESRB rating means I'm gonna have to grow up real fast
I just noticed that my download ranking on AnimeBytes is 17.
I have downloaded the 17th most amount of anime on a private torrent tracker dedicated for anime.
that's
that's a lot of anime
My download/upload ratio is `149.18`.
Nine hundred, eighty-seven point nineteen motherfucking gigabytes of anime.
What have I wrought.
i could go for some fried crab
y'all think Lotte wakes up early to pray but really she does this
^^^ i appreciate that
I'd like to think I'm a dog at heart. Spiritually as well.
And by that I mean I'm
Shit, I think I like anime.
I mean Chinese cartoons.
...anime.
no power, actually woke up because my fan wasn't making noise
wtff
the worst
Heck
NinjaGuy’s art is pretty damn good when he isn’t catering to certain nice fetishes
Niche not nice
There is *nothing* nice about those
Man
Dude, @Bookmark.
So I was fucking knocked off my feet about 30 seconds ago.
I watched a YouTube video and began watching what I thought was TES VI: Summerset. We talking elves going "hey you know what let's open our nation because we think the political climate or something is changing or think something is changing anyways."
Then it was revealed it was actually an TES Online expansion lmao.
Kinda' interested because that feels pretty _large_ ahuhuhu.
you guys ever notice that bill clinton always looks like he has no idea where the fuck he is or how he got there
also, the current steam sale is just fucking "games from denmark sale"
Dude I love that animator! @Koala
Check this if you haven't already seen it:
i wanna talk to my friends 😦
Hey man. Let's go.
Give me me a minute as I'm microwaving shrimp.
This is kinda' the cutest.
Amazon stream quality is amazing
How vivid.
apparently amazon streams in jpg format
Michael that's clearly a .png
You kidding me?
Look at that color palette.
That's clearly a GIF.
You kids wouldn't be able to tell a TIF if it slapped you in the face
I bet you haven't even used a TIF file for anything other than printers and scanners, you nerd.
tfw hasn't work on TIF-based texture bump and AO maps
GIVE ME BIT MAP OR GIVE ME DEATH
@timlives new >be guard thread vid
best one yet
<>
Darren still posts random fuggin song lyrics on facebook like its 2011 and he's 15
Why does this bother me
what a cuc
what a fuc suc
y'all ever think about how fucked up chemistry is?
like fuckin, you got protons and neutrons, and just because one proton is added it completely changes it into something else
like you got fuckin gold. add one little proton AND IT FUCKING TURNS SILVER AND MELTS, one more proton and BOOM SOLID AGAIN
add poisonous gas to metal and what do you get? SALT
take two flammable gases and put them together? fire killing liquid
and like every time you jump a line it's like a Gas, then BAM metal
is salt metal?
fuck man
and this isn't some video game logic bullshit, this is how reality works
I think about this almost every day of my life
alright; 3 d&d commitments has become 4
what have you done
you said no more because you wanted Tsars without Lumber
my dreams of being a tiny feral girl with telekinesis will remain forever on hold
andru what the fuck are you doin
next thing you know you'll be suckin dick on the streets asking johns if they wanna join your campaign
Fucking Chemistry. Yes. I know what you mean. I think about it literally every waking moment of my life. @Demi Tarot
That and the fact that if we were fast enough, we could pass through solid objects which are actually just moving really fast, like some object from a game world with a fixed update time, to create permanence or something.
I'm playing in a sat afternoon-ish campaign starting in may
1pm-5pm
someone from my friday game decided to host a game over the summer
That's pretty cool, dice boy.
LOL
lol
@timlives
lookit this bitch bout to go hard on that burg with a knife and fork, c'mon now
found my new fetish
eating burgers with a knife and fork?
you fucking disgust me
i cannot abide such degeneracy
not me, *her*
anime girls eating burgers?
what, cute akneemay girls eating burgers?
that's fine
i still have issue with the knife and fork
Look, the pristine capture of joy, a glimpse through the gates of heaven handily stolen away by her eager eyes. My manhood sings in pleasant compliance at the sight of it.
alright im sorry
i can delete it if you want
that was
Andrew I'm gonna make your fuckin night
the single most neckbeardy thing i have ever seen you type
i physically cringed at that sentence
good job, mate
jared what the fuck
Honestly I don't have to take that from you, *I'm a budding author*
i'll bud my foot in your ass
*I'm sorry master, he challenged me and I must use at least two-percent of my power.*
_appears behind you_
"Nothing personnel, kid"
Jared noooo! @Demi Tarot
I deserve this or something
he has your shoes
yup
i know
Oh yeah, raffles are over and I got nothing in Monday so my Sundays are free
yeoaw
oh jeeesus christ
SUNDAY STARS WITHOUT NUMBER
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWW
jared its just gonna be me you and three strangers at this rate
man, I had a dream you were running something, but my dream kinda just mashed a bunch of shit together
@Demi Tarot
like, I was doing the book of knowledge thing for the Githzerai, but I was playing as Patty not Lotte, and Patty had a lot of fucking insight to put into the book for a country bumpkin, and the tomekeeper was like "Damn, sister, get me my keys, we're going to the Prime Plane" no idea what that meant because my desktop then froze from over heating or having a panel too tight or too loose
once I finally got that fixed by fiddling with some rubbery straps that looped onto each other to hold the case in place instead of screws like a normal person, I popped back in like "Yeah I had to help my computer put its panties back on, what'd I miss?" and apparently Mannie and Michael *assumedly in game* had gone on a crazy ass trip through various planes to activate some mechs. It wasn't stated out loud, but my brain intuition said that Patty's reward was piloting one of those mechs
thats incredible
Look up Aggretsuko on Netflix. You won't be disappointed.
yeah it's cute
what if I wanna be disappointed.
*-#?
Salad Bars without Cucumbers
fuck cucumbers
I dunno what I'm doing
in the new campaign I'm playing in the level 15 Butlerbarian I've rolled can do 75 damage on a single swing
12,9,9,10, 5,9,9,9,7,3,11,9,3,12,1
demesne
I _reeeeally_ hope that's some sort of weird mousepad creme brulee
no
what could it be
@Koala
Also @Koala
everytime I see bolton calling Stephan gay
heck
thinking on it, since her OG outfit looks vaguely central american, I imagine her civilization was descended from a colony of spanish speaking humans that got stranded on some hellhole. So her language is some derivative of spanglish that should easily be translatable by any translator collars, or hell, learning english wouldn't be a huge jump especially if someone else who spoke spanish was helping her
never realized you could deposit checks online, bless mobile banking
Oh dude snap deposit is the best thing ever
yaaas
I woke up like, fuck you gov.t fer makin me go to my bank to deposit my refunds
then i realized i didn't have to
endless tussle
fuckin' Latina Vivian though
telekinetic rock thwaps you upside the head with the word "Puta" scrawled on it
no
not a rock
a flip flop
_la chancla_
when N. Korea negotiations fail and Kim heads back home
where is the silverware
0/10
girl is overcome with a primal need for burger
it speaks of the human condition
there is bacon on that bitch, she's powerless
@Demi Tarot
I've had an epiphany. I think I need to watch Seinfeld. @timlives
"Kurosai has good taste in music."
The second one is good too. @timlives might like the second one too.
@timlives
^ every time I think about calling stefen gay
and yes the dub kept the laugh
thats great
@Koala I'm at twin dragon with my aunt, this girl just grabbed a soup bowl and filled it with french fries. Then proceeded to spray the bowl in filthy spicy mayo, and sat down and went to work with a spoon
i dunno how to feel about anything anymore
i mean, fries and spicy mayo are decent combo
but
BUT
not a go-to for Twin Dragon
but thats all she's eating
thats the whole meal
D:
okay
she needs to take a step back
with a spoon?
Yep
wait a spoon?
stahp
no
scared to open my fortune cookie
"To live your life in fear of losing it is to lose the point of life."
wtf
that fortune sucks eggs
ye boi
lmao
i ain't scared of dying and still feel like i missed the point of life
it's to play RPGs every day of your life
**yes**
shit sucks
Favor. What's the Michael Rosen YTP with Holland and windmills? @Demi Tarot
I think it's the first Wow it's Made?
I STILL GOT NO INFO FOR WIND-CHIME'S TOKEN
OOOH YEAH BABY A TRIPLE.
I'll give you a triple ass beatin ( 'A')9
aaaaaaaarfg I can't take a shower before game time
no albion this week since my aunt is over
@Demi Tarot
oh
WELL THEN
....hmmm....what do I do then ( '^')
```
So you're running with a toast in your mouth as you bump into some guy from your high school, but it's a rom-com so you actually bump into Jerry Seinfeld, and you're actually on the set of a live action rom-com based on every anime trope imaginable.
```
Hey guys I'm writing a screenplay next.
if that ain't the truth
wat
noooo  squidward
Closest dragon equivalents in wonderlust are giant 4 legged birds...or hippogryphs that are part bird part bird
so of course I made a bushtit version a.k.a GreatestTit
thats a big tit
take a closer look at that tit
considered, barring one of the mountains being straight up nuked, one of these Dragobirbs may have been what ran the Tzoans off their mountain
anyone remember that episode of Dexter's Lab that had this guy as the villain?
also here, you can get this stuck in your heads too
god damn dial-up
@mannie.exe this is really cool
Ohh that is pretty cool.
cool
_c o o l_
frod
fraud
mute this @timlives
<>
"This is bullshit, but I guess it's kinda cool that I can fix my own arm?" *Michael's Character probably*
wat
>non-euclidian genitalia
Nani
>shower sex
>fantasy-specific
eh
most showers do are not built to support two person functionality
Chloe: Word? (ﾟДﾟ)
It'll grant any wish? Sounds pretty lit!
Chloe: Gods, legends, chosen ones. lolz
(´c_` )
yeah I saw that
its neat
heard that before tho yeah?
y'know......what if I combined Briskwillow with Wonderlust races?
All - Wisdom +2, Small, Walk Speed of 25, innate casting 1/day Lv.1 Minor illusion, Lv.3 disguise self, Lv. 5 Mirror Image, Advantage on Int, Wis, and Cha Saving Throws against magic.

need ability for sub-races
Prima - OG traditionalists, spiritual, they got totems
Desh - Merchants
Gruph - actually fight if need be, act as guardians.
also need traits for Religious Sheep peeps. got their size and ABI and stuff, apart from that though idk
Well today is going fine aside from the fact I forgot my wallet
So for the language thing, I read that some languages are dialects ie Aquan and Terran are both Primordial, so I can have Grumblish as an elvish dialect
And it sorta counts as elvish, but is more personalized
yeh, works
Update on the wallet story: mom brought it to me, proceeds to lock keys in her truck
What a rollercoaster
Side story we got lunch at McDonalds and my burg didn’t get cooked all the way
wat
is that possible
Got it replaced but it was pretty much hot oil with meat in it somewhere
I know understand what Hank meant when he said “taste the meat not the heat “
lmao
My mom’s cousin was in the area to help with that mess, waiting to hear what inconvenience hits her
probably broken garage door
Bs update: there was a wreck so I’m stuck in traffic
wow
What a daaaaay
i don't know what I've discovered
seitokai yakuindomo
Man makes aquatic race specifically to make dumb joke
this is black cherry rum but I swear I taste chocolate
okay now it's just....dunno...its a flavor
modenkinan's mansion
@timlives
pff
my work so far, the Fasolati and Grumbly entries are the only ones that are (mechanically) complete
nice
I said 10 minutes, but the video I was watching was 20, now I really want to take that shower so that'll be another 30
"Vira transforms Katalina into Lady Katapillar, an ancient and magnificent tool of destruction. A slave to Vira's will, she has been sent on a path to extinguish all life from the sky.
\* *This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, and referenced incidents are products of the collective imaginations of Lowain and Bros. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.*"
so, everyone knows that one Mortal Kombat theme....but did y'all know they had a whole album of MK themed songs? It's cheesy as fucking hell
this one slaps tho
@timlives
Burgy got grappled by a crocodile :P
BTW
VA-11 HALL-A is a great game
favorite quote so far, "When I was in college, I tried going to a party once."
Dude Hanzo's new Storm Arrow is pretty fun. @Mujin
tall fuggin wolf-men claws, a 1d4+str or 1d6+str unarmed strikes?
the usual seems like 1d4, but lizardmen have a 1d6 bite
also looking into proficiency with natural weapons, the Aarakocra entry in DnDBeyond says they are (and the Lizardman and Tabaxi entries are behind a paywall so I can't check those) but Volo's doesn't mention a proficiency

trying to find other entries on the Aarkocra, it doesn't mention proficiency on those either
though it feels kinda moot anyway since you likely won't make use of claw weapons unless you're like a monk or something, but they already get a damage bump for unarmed strikes
then again you could just follow up with an unarmed strike as a bonus action if you got nothing else to do with it.
you can't do an unarmed strike with a bonus action unless you're a monk
well screw that then
to get to use your bonus action to make a weapon attack you have to have a "light" weapon  or dual wielder feat and any kinda weapon
in your offhand
yeah I've been looking at that, apparently unarmed strikes are not *weapons* but they still count as *melee weapons strikes* meaning you cannot use magic weapon to enchant your hands, but you can still use branding smite
Since I had them pegged as the working class that value getting shit done and put up with a lot of bullshit I gave the Hornless Pushar the powerful build thing so they count as Large when moving, pushing and dragging things
and the Half-Orc's endurance thing where they can stay at 1 HP if they're not outright killed by an attack.
for earlier question ^
thaaaaaaaaank you I went through so many things that were only tangently related
so for the Horned Boys, we've established they have a defensive version of Lucky they can use once per long rest, I feel that's not super strong, so they could probably have another trait. Is a free Sorc cantrip a solid one considering they get a Cha boost?
and since the Pre-Cog is specifically for one thing instead of all, and 1 use instead of 3, would it be better if it could refresh on a short rest?
sooooooo now they're looking like
[STR +2, Claws, Cold Resist, Intimidation Prof] + [CHA+1, Pre-Cog, Sorc Cantrip] OR [CON+1, Large Liftin, Endurance]
the sub races are good now I think, does the base need another ability or is that enough?
scottish people twitter is best people twitter
simulacrum
hey michael, think you could help me fix kims pc when you get back to town?
no
wait
whats wrong
@Deleted User ^
Same
why this bitch running around with her whole ass out
Uuuuuugh
are you okay
Uuuuuugh
:mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadVictory:
home
can't wait to do that again tomorrow ( '^')
grad practice?
yes
goooood luck
it's not like they'll withhold my degree if I trip or something
how long is the ceremony?
there's 500 of us so probably 2 hours I'd guess?
senpai noticed you
gotta go work out this stiffy real quick
oh man
I REALLY wanna try and make plans to attend GenCon this year, but like *money* and *time*
@Koala
Ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuck that's a quality cosplay by Sneaky. He does a good job.
yeah, from memes to dreams
His gf is also super hot
ya shes a babe
korea ftw
Lol yup
I just duped my girlfriend by showing her the pizza girl one
Lol, nice
Asked her if she was ready to be gaslighted
gas*lit*, fam
did you say
"Not only is this a dude, this is a dude my good friend Andrew has stood behind in a Chipotle line"
I didn't say all of that
GO BACK AND DO IT RIGHT, GOD DAMN IT
:mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard:
anyone got michaels cell #?
1-800-boy-fuck
he's like right there
what the fuck
Where have I seen this before
dunno I'm at a loss
this is apparently cosplay
looks like it..?
yeah, I dunno i thought it was a render at first glance
it's heavily filtered to the point that it almost does look like a render
yeah, and shopped plenty
gradumalated binch
Congrats Jurd
You're now in the *real world*
congrats bench
Do you feel *real*
feel real tired
naptime
That's the spirit
nice
So I was designing a logo in my head for the word "GILL" and I accidentally Loss'd myself. @timlives @Demi Tarot
Man, shitposting is great. @a ghost with purpose @Mujin
uhhhh
this is so good that it's borderline shitposting
F
sgnjgbzdg
why is nothing god damn working right
how was nap
discord got stuck on installing updates so I'm trying to use the browser version
and the PoS won't ask for micorphone permission
I did
I'm trying ot redownload it or something, but my download speed is like.....mega dogshit
BECKY YOU WANT BLUE
@mannie.exe
Being an adult is too much power, who can stop me from buying all these trashy NSFW VNs on steam?
@timlives
elkor
stripping
wtf is my life
*with heavy arousal* Hello
i can't, my heart
good news! I do not have a hangover
but I am still a bit tired and dizzy because of my asshole cat
lmao
and gratsi!
pretty sure that means "Thank you" in Italian
that's grazie
pronounced that same
and thus, language has evolved
right here
in our own discord server
what a time to be alive
*he's fast*
@timlives
@Koala
i'm glad you found a way to help yourself
I'm just shareing my experince to help you help yourself
"Okay Mom, I have something important to tell you...but first I need to explain who Sneaky is."
EHHHH
i got a heart boner from this
i should get that checked out
Anyone else who has spectrum have their internet go out?
Mine's still up, but I live over three hours away.
yeah nah the flavor ain't really taking to these noods
haha
noods
that's deep
would giving ~~Pack Tactics~~ Herd Mentality to some sheepy priests make sense?
if so I'm done with this set at least
so with those done, the Wonder Races that remain (that have some establishment atm) are the Chateau, Dropii, Sichosi and Verma
Races that need developed in general: Dinobois, Plantbois, Oldbois, FishnetBaes
to my programmer guys, you've been dressing wrong
Grumblies = Grumbloire, goddess of the forest.
Fasolatis = Doremi, goddess of dreams and creativity
Kamaigne = Hagakki the Sky Mother, and her children, BankiBanki god of Magic, JiriJiri god of wind, MoguMogu      goddess of earth, and PechaPecha goddess of rain
Sichosi = Kanzi Zisu, the world spider
omg beat saber has high scores
lets GO
yeah Venezuela is kind of.....a shit hole
the leader is trying to abolish voting rights last I heard?
and its so hard to get literally anything that people are leaving in droves
someone explain this shit to me
this is on my facebook feed
w t f
Mark we need to have a talk, I'm already diamond.
FINAL BOSS
I think @Deleted User might be interested in them socks
oof, I asked for critiques on my races, and now I got a guy trying to tell me the Kamagine's Arcane Insight that I took from the gnomes was a bit overpowered
I will budge that Pack Tactics can be pretty strong on a PC though
also suggested I give fasolatis another trait because they seemed up, so we opted for the wood elves' mask of the wild, since it fit with the other role of fasolatis, Rogues
holy shit
lmao
none of your races are more powerful than half elf so i wouldnt stress too much
I remembered martial artist monkey bandits were a thing
what socks?
the ones i linkes earlier
byoodiful
@Demi Tarot
why was am at
cuz the meme
meem
was of your typage
is big guy posting on 4chan
me irl me irl me irl
Lotte at Level 1: Oh dear, I don't think I could hurt anyone, maybe I'm not cut out for adventuring
Lotte at Level 10 or something:
ah, black lagoon
that was a good one
i think there's another season in the works atm
alright
you can romance mercer several times
in pillars of eternity 2
*sigh* unzips
We need a critical role VN
Voiced solely by Mercer
All characters have Mercer's velvety voice
Andrew will buy all copies
so me and kim have discovered that nearly every champion in league is either a bird, related closely to a bird, or has a bird skin.
BIRD
uhhhh
oo in PoE2 I can be an Animancer, that means I can make my own Anime, right?
I know you linked me _This is America_ but I never responded. I had heard the song on Spotify but watching the video did me so much better. @Koala
_***bang***_
"THIS IS AMERICA"
Yeah the song kinda requires the video
ohhh
there's two
THERE'S TWO MATTS IN MY PARTY
*hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngggh*
you're going to "accidentally" call one of them matt mercer, arent' you
Lol
@timlives
yeah boi shop time
This is why I'm not allowed on twitter
rofl
lmao
where did he go
that bagel bitch is a quick shitposter wtf
@Koala I'll give you some solid dick
:mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard: :mathsquadWizard:
@Demi Tarot ^
@timlives
is that series any good @Koala
god yes
by the emperor, _yes_
@a ghost with purpose
thats high praise
**_I'M SHOOK_**
stop wigglin
( '^')7 F
oh boy
holy fuck im shook
I just lucid dreamed about having two kids, that shit is terrifying
I only saw the first five words of that in my phone notification
And I immediately thought "He dreamed about D&D, didn't he"
no dude
im pretty sure i gave birth to two kids in that dream
Ofuk
Now *that* is terrifying
aaaaaaaaahhh
this is the path
86 patreons, 2k per month
I know what I must do
become a girl?
I think Sneaky's got you beat
@Koala  just you wait gurl
...thems some hairy legs
thats sodapoppin
why is sodapoppin in a dress
or a skirt
who knows
fuckin wot
man i had another fucken wild dream
also
Adam-sama is dming a show every day of the upcoming week, hes so lucky.. :mathsquadCute: :mathsquadCute: :mathsquadCute:
its his fuggin jawb
also, harmonicas are fucking beautiful instruments
they're pretty neato
I might have bought a harmonica
breathe air in instead of blowing out and it becomes a discordia
no you're supposed to both breathe and blow 😮
do it backwards
wat
did I studder?
...yes?
that's ableist
new alignment chart, how we measure up?
uwu bastard
bolton - uwu thot
mannie -edgy thot
stephan - uwu bitch
jard - ??
thats all I got
probably edgy bitch
oh hey, our other group's fighter dredged up this post I mentioned but couldn't find
<>
Nu Michael: random thot
yeah okay
Mike: edgy bastard
Chuck: random bastard bygawd
been watching JP play Pillars of Eternity II
looks fun
yeah the combat is good
rest of it is a little rough around the edges I think
like Divinity but with active combat
"active"
i think "real time with pause" and 'action speed" is total shit
makes me not want to play
fair
reminds me of Neverwinter Nights
yeah a bit
but that was a D&D system
as far as I can tell there isn't initiative
just action speed
still looks like a neato RPG tho
its got great VA
oh shit I'm listening to gassy mexican
max is a good dude
>mash buttons to sync my headset
>it finally beeps
>as soon as I get in the call "USB DEVICE NOT RECOGNIZED"
@timlives
@timlives
quality posts
:mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM: :mathsquadGM:
( '^') me going in
('A:;, ;'` me going out
Jesus
@Trin miss u boo
"And so I was like *halalallalllalll*"
@timlives
wait a minute
@a ghost with purpose
@Koala
Fug
also, managed to delete my desktop
quoi
i just got back from working on my group project
for reference
i met them at 3:30
pm
i shall go collapse now
I AM SO BAD AT SLEEP
sounds like shit Stephan
**MORTAL KOMBAAAT**
_DU DU, DU DU, DU DU, DU DU, doo DOO_
_DU DU, DU DU, DU DU, DU DU, DOO doo_
is it a bad idea to buy a prebuilt from ebay?
kinda
"Fundamentalist fearmongering video: This dungeon “master” is given complete control and “players” must do whatever dark things are demanded of them.

Real DM: Please, just cross the river. You’ve all tried to seduce the catfish and it didn’t work. I’m begging you."
"I shall seduce the carp, then!"
_furiously rolls_
"Police show
Nerd character: the suspect googled “how to stab people” on his web browser

Grizzled veteran detective: REPEAT THAT IN ENGLISH FOR US NORMAL PEOPLE WHO DON’T USE COMPUTERS LIKE YOU FUCKIN OUTCASTS"
@mikl
@timlives
Random sci fi bit:

Someone walks into a room announcing, “I hate to be the bearer of bad news…” and their alien friend spits water because the translator said, “I’m unhappily pregnant with new evil.”
@a ghost with purpose @timlives
where is the silverware
unneccessary
a compulsion told me to make a setting of grimdark bug waifus, but I'm not quite sure what I want to do design wise
I believe this was one of the most infuriating but funny parts of AGP @timlives
AND part 6
@timlives  @a ghost with purpose
@timlives
I've found the game for you
any of you guys have dead island or dead island riptide and wanna play?
i havent played it since xbox 360 and wanna play it again
NICE
@a ghost with purpose hoooly shit I never knew I wanted to a raise a gorilla family before
lmao
wtf, I was just thinking of this post when I got out of the shower, and now here it is
and Mikkle dead, what a sloot
gat dammit
this nekomata looks like a thicc kitty burgy
wtf is a nekomata
two tailed cat spirit
it's right there ( '^')/
an 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚  neko
@timlives
Kazuma goes in with this party
gets enough stress to die of a heart attack after one dungeon run
I found the tough teddy bear on amazon
o hey its trin in stuffed animal form
when we gonna finish amines
When there tiddy
too bad, you get flat cat
today if you like
that's one of the Chateau, a.k.a if you don't see giga tiddy you got a 50/50 chance of getting a trap
that one is a girl though
_**HEEEEEE**_
*dip*
are you the one who put the dip in the dipty dipty do?
hehe
I have no clue
then who was that man?
I'd like to shake his hand
Manman the Manboyman, which Dind class do you think you personally would be?
I think I would start out as a monk or a rogue and then stumble into a prestige class that mixes both with wizardry.
None of that 5e archetype stuff either -- I'm talking some prestigious shiii-
is this accurate?
my face is the most accurate
now draw Andrew as cackling DM
also I noticed a horrible injustice in this chat that needs corrected
que?
the correct people have been notified
sitting in call whilst I play bidyo game because I like companion when video now
oh wait this isn't another life, it's death
shit
bleh
blood vessels
#notmyblood
oh yeah, Michael add Demi-chan to the list ( '^')v
done
always rember hapy day
@mannie.exe
black ops 4 is on battlenet
ew
i mean
yay
soon. Soap will be announced as the new heroes of the storm champion
RIP Soap
is he dead
yeah
dies in MW3
most bullshit death I've ever seen in a game
death wasn't actually bullshit I was just pissed that they killed him
what fuckers
i liked that digital guy
me too
not enough scots in gaming
oh right, soap was from MW
you may say
"Stephan, there's tons of Scots in games"
to which I will respond
"Fuck you there's still not enough"
Lmao
fun fact
i could buy black ops 4 in wow gold right now
y tho
lmao
idk
I won't, but wow gametime tokens can be redeemed for bnet balance
so like 200k azeroth bucks is like 20 blizzard dollars
lol
its interesting at least
this sleeping at mid night and waking up before 5 thing is kinda bullshit
@a ghost with purpose
Break. @Demi Tarot @timlives
@Koala
hey guys did you know that _This is America_ by Childish Gambino is the **Dark Souls** of music videos? @timlives @a ghost with purpose @Koala @Mujin
FUCK, we've been so short sighted
ADD SLAYERS TO THE ANIME LIST
Slayers?
it's a classic
D&D the anime
just looked it up
sure looks like it
where da hood where da hood where da hood at, all the fellas in the club wearin' good hats.
@timlives
yeah boi
o( '^' )9
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I slept over 12 hours how
congrats?
not congrats I was trying to NOT sleep past 5, and D&D starts in less than 30 minutes >:c
oh no
OH YEAH
cyka
BLYAT
сука
also my dad is out drinking so I'll probably have to drive over and pick him up in a bit
yuck
it should be fine unless it ends up like last time when I had to cart that group's "big guy" equivalent (but worse) home too
no one likes him, but he pops over uninvited anyways and drinks way too much, like the last time I had to go pick up my parents, I had to take him home too because he was too drunk to stand, and they pretty much had to steal his keys so he wouldn't try to drive. He had gotten so drunk he fell and smashed my uncle's oven door, ad tried to play it off like it didn't happen.
and he was still saying he was col to drive and asking for his keys and saying he didn't need help even after I was already in his parking lot, I honestly thought my dad was going to beat the shit out of him. Then when they finally carted him into his house, which was a pain in the ass because he didn't know where his keys were, he forgot we brought him home nd though mom was trying to break into his house.
this is why I respect my limits when I drink, because holy fuck.
he knows what you're gonna say, he's betting on it
when you sleep for  14 HOURS
this one is my new best friend
are we doing *-# still?
if everyone is up for it
also my dream last night was wild
my dog could speak telepathically and has the power to make people smarter or dumber at will
I decided since sleeping early did me no favors I just wouldn't sleep
this is a shitty idea as past experiences would tell me
likely you'll be asleep this evening then?
that or incoherent
god damn it the old and new memes are converging
sokay; so no swn tonight
what about dis?
owo what's this
I'm actually pretty relieved theres no SWN tonight
I'm fuckin exhausted
shur welcomy dood
My roommate Jordan and I spent today cleaning our house
Because our other roommates are mostly useless
I swear to God if this one roommate bitches about anything being taken out of our security deposits I'm going to drive up to Cleveland and throttle him
#SneezingAnimeGirls
condolences @Koala
i'm ready to beat some ass by god
nice
h
I can't stop makin races
that is fuckin cute
>valid point
>SAO
pick one
for that isekai idea thing should I just do it in 5e, or try to find something more anime oriented? @timlives  @a ghost with purpose
Holy fuk
ngl that is pretty sexy
michael hath forsaken anime and all that is holy
R I P
👌 👀
👌  👀
my dangass monkey brain started screeching at me about some tabletop project that was sittin' around, that's kinda Sci-Fantasy, as in it's mostly fantasy but there's a lotta beep-boopery
all I know is it's class focused and has aesthetic similar to Hyper Light Drifter, and the classes I came up with have pretty unique mechanics and shit, but most applications seem combat oriented thus far
but like one class uses a bunch of orbiting drones to do shit, another uses a body double, and another one is a weeb that uses sword stances and techniques
I'm sitting on the floor of the Spectrum store in Tri County mall, waiting for the six old people to either get through the queue or die
I believe I have entered purgatory
@a ghost with purpose Andru send help
its over my friend
Oshit it's
mofuckin
hamtaro
so far, for the other two players, we got a Windoll Necromancer and a Croox of undecided class
Probs gonna have y'all at level 10 for this
OOOOOOOOOOO
*OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
***OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO***

**OO**
Woah nice.
Killer dress.
<>
:mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods:
good news, no sadway pizza, AND mom got a case of Baja Blast
congrats
That's a Southeast KY Christmas right there
oh yeah imbordant kestion. Roll Stats or Point Buy
Croox is a monk, tradition undecided but leading Sun Soul, but expressed interest in shadow or fist
or may be Blood Hunter
since it's a one-shot and I'm dropping you off at the dungeon with most of the story anyway it's not a spoiler, so: You guys are fighting The Grimbly, who is a Grumbly that was born with potent magical powers, but the misfortune to be born in elitist grumble territory, so he was mocked and thrown out and is gunning for revenge on everything with an army of mutated forest creatures and brow-beaten minions
Roll
( '^') (.v. ) ( '^')
wow
my phone showed the roll or point buy message at the bottom of the screen so I thought that was the most recent message
highly pref roll if 4d6d1 @Demi Tarot
1 for roll, 1 for idgaf
eggerding
well my night is ruined
wait, shit. Did you have any Grumbly questions?
negative
MAN.
THAT FUCKING BLOWS. @Koala
Also, why has an army of doakZ taken over this server?
it's fine, all of the doakDroid sare currently inactive. They are no danger
@Koala
Thugoi
Mike broke discord
aight, I'mma join NuMike's campaign, here is my character
where dat mikkle
hanging out with chuck I think
who let him escape
React to my swordmaid
thats fuckin cute as shit
yet terrifying
:mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods:  :mathsquadNoods:  :mathsquadNoods:  :mathsquadNoods: :mathsquadNoods:  :mathsquadNoods:  :mathsquadNoods:
I was think about a Civ Night, but no Mikkle no buy
you thought about your Grumbledin any?
in what way
looks, personality, name, what magical doodad you'd want
yes
while looking up reference images I found this
close
do u have some grumbly art on hand
this was the scout I played in the one-shot
can I get a ridiculously large weapon that has an extra damage die
like a buster great sword that does a 3d6
or something similar
they're generally solidly built, have fangs or tusks, don't typically wear shoes, and have hair that covers their eyes.
I think I'll allow that with the caveat that it doesn't give you any +'s to hit, like most special weapons would.
something like this
but tuned appropriately
brown bushy anime hair, tusks, n heavily armored kinda like this
that'd work
you can have the moustache too if you want
nice
lemme know the details of whatever the magic doodad is
im okay if you decide to make it stronger and give it a penalty to hit or something
Does Magic Weapon that does 3d6, sound too plain? I was thinking of giving you something that gives you an Orc/gnoll's ability to run up and whack something if you kill a creature
it shall be "GRUMBLOIRE'S KITCHEN KNIFE" Your foe will know true fear when it realizes it is the only one in the kitchen who can get stabbed
give the frying pan a dent on the way out, just in case
only 3d6 weapon die and nothing else is pretty plain but I'm fine with that if its in line with how powerful you want the items to be
is it a magic weapon for terms of damage type?
it cuts through things that resist non-magical weapons
hatcha
cerulean
"I'd love to stick a perforated sword up my ass." --*Andrew "Sword Fucker" Collet, 2018*
Pinned a message.
"There's a dick *somewhere*, and it's making communication very hard" *Michael "Not the Singer" Bolton, 2018*
@timlives
@timlives
@timlives
@timlives
Beginning Tuesday, Amazon Prime customers who have an Alexa-powered device, such as the Echo speaker, can order beer, wine and spirits in Seattle, and beer and wine in Columbus and Cincinnati. Amazon will deliver the alcohol within two hours.
mood
So Kim brought up a good point dudes.
Imagine a VR MOBA.
Like if League had VR.
It would be terrifying to be ganked.
That sounds disorienting.
70% of the players would be unable to last hit or so anything properly because they got GIGA TITS RIGHT THERE when they look down
That would be pretty neat tho
I imagine it being a mix of like an FPSRPG and a MOBA
Theres a few neato shooter for VR that I'd like to play
Pavlov is one
^^^
Onward is something I really wanna play
I really wanna try VR in a bigger space.
Michael doesn't have much room to play standing VR games
The, uh, staff part
Is, uh, sticking into a, uh, certain part of the lady devil there
FUCK
wait, was that *not* intentional?
no, you damn homonculus! ( 'A')9
well damn
iI don't even know if Netherkin have lady parts
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing everyday."
I wanna cry.
where are those Gondola emotes Mannie ( 'A')
I've been watching sodapoppin sit in a server queue for an MMO for the past 20 minutes
I ate a meal to this
What is my life
welcome to memes
lmao
the queue popped
but hes afk shitting
yes
you said you were watching Sodapoppin
yes
KH has become self aware
at this point i'd be impressed if the writing team even knew what the fuck was happening
they took a bunch of lines from anime along with a bunch of disney movies and put then in a markov generator
GOD'EM
does this look like a halfling or a gnome to you
i dont think breasts move like that
clearly you have never seen a tit
i know physics and that's fine
why else would women need to calm them?
well if michael says so
oof ouch my human guts
ive never seen a gun snatched in that way before
made me laugh
Man afflicted with lycanthropy learns to cure himself he needs hair of the wolf that bit him, only to discover that said wolf had been exterminated, so he needs to go back in time to find the wolf before he dies.
*Whenwolf*
WHENWOLF
That is GOLD. @Demi Tarot
TIL Tyler, the Creator and Childish Gambino were both on the Regular Show
Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon
( '∆')
oh look at me I'm the laptop my ping's gonna jump to 15 k when you're mid-sentence bleh
oh
dauntless is open beta
shiiiiet
is it gud
are you pro in bless yet
I imagine dauntless is a lot better than when we tried it out back in the fall
what kind of game is it
Like monster hunter
~ish
btw
you stop paying attention for five seconds and they make 71 games you don't know about
another werewolf inspired prompt. A halfling becomes a werewolf, no one notices the difference because he was already hairy with an absurd appetite
alternatively, he becomes a Pomeranian
Dauntless definitely needed the closed beta label when Michael, Stephan, Mike S., and I tried it out last year. @a ghost with purpose @Meko
Too bad MH: World isn't out on PC yet.
@mannie.exe it had the label
I never said it didn't. I simply meant it was justified because it was pretty shit***.
Ah
Yeah
It was very rough
wish yall had ps4 monta hunta
monsta*
^^^ same
I still really wanna play MH:W and Persona.
And God of BOI
i only got 1 bro that has it and he never plays it with me
god of war was amazeballs
damn
I've essentially skipped half a generation of video games with the lack of a Switch and PS4. Kinda' exciting knowing that I'll have a ton of distraction and some point in the future, hoihoi.
i literally used my switch for mario kart and zelda, after that it's just been big chillin
waiting for super slambo boys
I would use a Switch for all of the above + Odyssey.
another console i wish more bros had lol
I WANNA SPLATOON
I got a swooch, but only have Zelda
and for some reason I cannot for the life of me get it to work on my TV half the time
BUT I DONT WANNA SOLO
aight, Andrew, going back to that one race idea that has an innate shifting ability into a specific form. considering you have it off the bat at level 1, what would you say would make it fair yet useful
as of now it's a tiny, fiend with a flying speed, that keeps the player's statistics, but their equipment doesn't merge on transformation. Seeing as they can still speak, move their hands, and at least carry a focus, would letting them have access to their spells be weird? Druids in beast shape can't cast spells, but I assume that's in part to the whole....bein' a bar
shapeshift but losing gear is awful
i would never use it
well you don't lose it, it just doesn't schlorp into your skin. It's mostly an issue here that your armor won't fit, though you'd probably not be playing these guys as a martial class anyway, and if you were you'd likely be planning around it. Lycanthropes don't merge with their equipment either and they can get LARGE, so they probably don't bother wearing armor either
though if it's a big concern I can have it meld
Half-shifted Lycans can even pick up a huge ax and beat you with it
like if the purpose of this shapeshift is to give you a tiny flight form I'd never use it if I had to leave my equipment behind every time I did it
fair enough
I would just make it wild shape limited to one weakass form and once per day
oh hey it's Ted Cruz
Source:
it's missing the HYPER MODE 657 DAYS/78 AND THREE FIFTHS
and the Funky new Mode
I don't get these memes
am I old man
no, because if you were old YOU WOULD KNOW, YOU' HAVE SEEN WHAT I'VE SEEN (v'A')v
oy McMAc you wanna continue Civ?
@timlives
we've lost him to vr
doesn't say he's playing nuffin
He has Discord integration for currently playing games disabled though. What does STEAAAM say?
He had to disabled discord integration because of all the VR porn games he's gonna shamefully play
"shamefully"
if it wasn't shamefully he wouldn't have disabled the integration
okay true
steam says he ain't playin nuuuuuuffin
He's gonna play a lot of Beatsaber if you know what i mean
I get it, like masturbation
beating his meatsaber, if you will
I won't
but he will
I just discovered this Persona in Persona4, meet Mara.
i feel like that's been discovered by us a few times now
@Demi Tarot I believe by jurd
its just so gross
for the gazme
it's a peener
I thought fapan censored these things
that is the censor
lmao @a ghost with purpose
I think he disabled it a long time when we were on @Trin's server.
Big Guy was still a relevant issue.
oh lol
conversation relevant
For a moment, I thought the link above had NEKOPARA volumes 1 through 18.
rofl
Then I realized my **_F   O   L   L   Y_**
help I mixed an entire can of sweet, condensed milk with a shit ton of peanut butter and chocolate chip ice cream, and stirred it into a soup
2 tbsp of that milk is over 100 calories
ewww yuck
why did I do this?
throw that shit out imop
who am I?
how dare you?
there are children starving in my belly
how's blops 3? @Deleted User
things can be TOO sweet ya know 😛
flase
alright, should I buy this?
credit michael
<>
help me
up your profit margin, stop frivolously spending
jared can manage your book, andru
not sure he can manage this train wreck
I can't buy seeds to pay off the debt
I don't have a Silo built yet either so when I run out of hay I can't feed my animals
@Demi Tarot can just do some, uh, creative accounting
you've heard of Enron, right?
^') dame da
fuck I am bored
do I desire hash-ed browns or surl
I forgot how erotic the taking damage noises were in DS1
(v'A')v
('A'-)-
(v\`A`)v
( '^')
( '^')v same though
I forgot about this
TheAnimeMan has a vid of him and a mate reading that doujin
it is
without a doubt
one of the funniest damn videos I've ever seen
finally finished watchin K
aka
all the proof that Michael needs
K-on?
K: Return of Kings
part of the K project
Return of the King was LotR, ya doof
I doof you m8
oh damn
I've only seen the K: Project.
I tried watching the movie but I remember not finishing it for one reason or another.
return of kings is the second season
after the movie
ohhh
rad
what is this man
@Demi Tarot @Koala @timlives
guys
I seen earlier
were you here the other day when I dropped that Green Man McBasket Ball stab is literally Ace from the Gangreen gang from the Powerpuff Girls?
I thought ball stab was just Murdoc with a new haircut
guess not
nah Murdoc's in jail
ah
I REMEMBER THAT LAD.
And I thought that was Murdoc for a minute as well.
But aged Ace from PPG?
Woah.
Murdoc ain't got a pointy nose
though apparently if you want to play Bass for the Gorillaz you gotta be green
how was dizzle n shizzle
we dizzln't
my d&d is going pretty crappy :P
What's up
well
basically the DM is pretty bad, thats all
Have you mentioned this one before?
Maybe? I think only in reference as a fricken nerd
No wait that was another one the one that writes
thats this one
O
Okay then
So how's he bad
Regale us
oh boy oh boy oh boy, gossip
iunno, bad game design habits, limited NPC rp opportunities,  lots of "exposition dumping" where he reads out a bloq of text he's written out
like I'm still having fun!
but I have a lot of criticisms that will go unvoiced cause he's pretty sensitive to that kind of thing
ooAGH
Hm, I think I'm going to run my paid campaign in the same setting as the wed group i picked up and refine it into something I can release into a proper module or campaign setting, that'd be cool
i need to mow the lawn
i keep stalling
do it :mathsquadWizard:
k
did you win
AAAAAHHHHHHHH
I just mowed two lawns
me when I'm forced to leave the house on errands
K
don't k me you bootsloot
k
YOU'RE POTASSIUM
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
ꓘ
lmao
which of these is more awful
in appearance or difficulty?
yes
appearance
The Wretcheds probably
The Lost are sad pointy men
Wretcheds are....leggy worm boys
it has an odd number of arms
thats fucked up
Asymmetry is fucked up man
actual footage of mannie dropping the ball
❤ friend
@timlives don't forget to water your GPU three times a week
at least #2 actually provides some cooling
:mathsquadStare:
:mathsquadWizard:
Found *Found*
Guys I'm doing a poll
as long as it ain't a /pol/
Pouty face anime girl, or smug face anime girl. Which is better?
Pouty
Smugly pouting
Stephan this is a bipartisan system
and I'm a radical alt-centrist
gey
looks like you're gonna get the bullet then
All hail the radical alt-centrists.
You will ask me only yes or no questions, and you will accept my answers of "maybe"
does that include asking where you'd like to eat?
*bang*
that was a yes or no qestion
you fucked up your own joke ( 'A')9
well that's the thing
I'm rAdiCaL
the fuck's that got to do with skateboarding?
"Nothing is real, everything is maybe."
- Asshole's Creed
Would you two lads be interested in a spot of Uguwatch with your immigrant fellow, ehhh?
I have no ide if it's up to date
lemme check
i hwould
probably not @Demi Tarot
But let us know what the ETA would be pl0x.
Baddle NEETs godda update first, then ogrewatch
I'm gonna go on a soul searching walk again
okgay
I'm pretty torn whether I should I ask $5 per player per session or $10 or something in between for my paid GMing debut
tree fiddy
No, too low
and then they realize their DM is actually a three story tall creature from the paleolithic era
that's incredibly unhelpful, but thanks for your contribution to the conversation
Gatdamn Loch Ness Monster
start at 10 and be open to negotiation?
or start em cheap to get them hooked
like a dealer
5 per session is probably fair, but I personally prefer buying things in bulk
it feels like a rental paying every session, but that's just me ( '^')o
I'm thinking $10 is what I want to gravitate towards and what my time is worth but since this is my first time doing it 'professionally' I'm not sure my skills/experience make me 'worth' that amount yet
Go with 10
or rather, think about how many hours you'd spend working on prep and then actually hosting a session, and figure out how much you'd like to make per hour
it's hard to tell what nerds will pay for
if you wanna really get into it
we'll spend hundreds on anime figures and pillows, but *fuck* buying video games
the "well if this was a real job I'd need to charge $18.65 per player to make $12 per hour for the session and prep" attitude is the wrong approach for this type of thing
just a thought
mhm
Basically, the scale is closer to $5 means more interest, I will definitely have players that are more likely to be satisfied and keep playing. And closer to $10 means I'll have less interested players, and they'll be harder to keep engaged
I'm tempted to start on the safe side
PRICE PENETRATION STRATEGY
strike into the market low, and once you nestle in, you have room to increase once you have a customer base to vouch for your quality
correct
Jared is better at business than I am
the problem with pps properly in this situation is that paid GMs have infinite competition from those willing to do it for even less, free
so to be successful you have to be low enough to garner interest while also proving that you're 'better' than other services offered
I would hope so with how much money I spent to get a piece of paper that said "better at business than Stephan"
My theory is I can charge less now to get the ball rolling, and charge more later when I've more experience to 'prove' that my skills are worth more money, as well as the confidence boost
it helps I'm not really concerned about how much money i'm making, nor 'getting paid enough to be worth my time'
yeah you don't need to live off this, so maximizing profits ain't a big deal
fair enought
the strategy that turns this into a 'career' or otherwise something I can live off of is if I become renowned or skilled enough to charge exuberantly more (unlikely), or I use this as a stepping stone to get into the RPG podcast/broadcast entertainment scene (more likely)
fuck league
fuck everything about that cuntfuck game
im done
@Demi Tarot  what "bundles" would interest you personally, if this was the type of thing you were willing to spend money on
monthly? or possibly like a "buy once" where you pay for the expected campaign length of like, 60 sessions, up front
like probably pay per month or something v( '^')v
should pay per month be at a discount
slightly, maybe
like instead of the price of four sessions $20, like , $17.50 or something
that seems about right
$17.50 for a month of D&D involvement seems damn reasonable to me
i want to ask, do you guys think if you buy a game, and then they later shut down not only all support for the game, but the servers as well, considering there is no way to play it offline as it is an online only game, should steam refund you?
not if you don't meet the steam refund guidelines anymore
which is to say, you played more than two hours
i only played 5 hours, but now its a 40 dollar game sitting in my steam library that literally cant even be played
what game
ghost in the shell stand alone complex first assault online
thats a long ass name
probably not steams problem
maybe the game devs should refund
its just not fair for the devs to take the money and dip
oh i can get a refund from nexon
but its their fucking currency
not my steam money back
hell yeah
get me some ncoins brother
like id buy shit from them after that
might as well take what you can get, i guess
should I bother offering a pay-for-60 sessions up front at a larger discount, not sure anyone would be interested and its a pretty fat commitment
not like you can predict how long a session will go
you mean a campaign?
yeah
hm
for months where we would have five sessions I need to charge more though
I suppose that shouldn't be a huge deal
I would be more worried about players having doubts about their own commitment for 60 damn sessions. How would you deal with the possibility of potential disinterest and subsequent requests for refund?
60 sessions is a lot of sessions
like
a lot
14 months
give or take
if you do weekly sessions
which I imagine is the general schtick
if the price was like $255 ( for 60 sessions *5 at a 15% discount) then it'd be a refund on whatever sessions are left from the count, so $127.5 refunded on 30 sessions
@mantheman
but I foresee problems with that
@jthered
overdunk yet?\
it's a gig download
but I think the big bulk is probably excessive
monthly should be fine for people that wanna pay a bit more than per sesh
How much remaining and when did you start/ETA? @Demi Tarot
I had to go do something and figured you guys would have started and finished already so I didn't bother
lolno we never played
@Demi Tarot  the new WoTC adventure that was announced this weekend is a city-focused setting, called Waterdeep
thought you might find that neat
interesting
Did you start DL'ing Overwatch? @Demi Tarot
no
seen below : an artist in its natural environment trying to make money on the internet
me
me playing league
@Meko
lmfao true
"forgive me padre for I have sinned"
mfw I get up at the ass crack of dawn for a drug test and arrive to find out I'm not on the list because AK Steel is pants on head retarded
rofl
so what happened @Koala
So I got up at the ass crack of dawn
Went to take my drug test
Found out I wasn't on the list
Called boss
Told that I would just do it next monday
Went home
Laid in bed for an hour because I couldn't sleep and bitched to friends
Got a call from my boss saying they put me on the list and if I wasn't busy I could go back
Went back
Took drug test
Sat thru training
Got new badge
Home
And now I'm taking a shit at home
*Fin*
👏
nice, you win
I guess yeah lol
Where are you starting work?
at AkSteel office bros
At the TMS office at AK Middletown
my dad's company
also today my dad barged in and woke me up yelling about how I don't help out enough because he forgot to turn his car off last night and the battery is kill
that was pleasant
oof
I didn't even open my eyes to respond to him
think that pissed him off tho
yeah I imagine that did
also also i slept on it and now I'm leaning towards $10
( '^')-b
oi Anders did you ant the moustache on your Grumboy
Vampyr releases tomorrow
but the review embargo isn't up until last minute, basically
not got high hopes
I'll wait for some gameplay and read some reviews to see how it handles on PC
Yeah, I'll probably enjoy a lets play or something
yeah maybe JP or Dan or someone will play it tomorrow
u kno i only watch Dadam
:mathsquadWizard:
lol
Dadam
look at the 2nd image their
Water = sometimes a sandwich
Perish
sandwich =  everything
🤔 💦
and the PHB is really damn schizophrenic on how it depicts gnomes, there's the weird one it uses as the example, and like all the other ones are tiny old men that look different, and one doesn't even have pointy ears ( 'A')9
its like, people of the same race can have varied appearances 😛
there's varied, and there's getting your damn wires crossed
like saying "this is a pear" and drawing apples all book long
I think you're being overly nitpicky on the topic 😛
I'm an artist damn it, if 'm gonna draw something I need proper reference, if you tell me to draw something and none of the references look even remotely the same I don't know what the fuck to do
it's like trying to ask me to draw a horse by linking me a cow a donkey and a giraffe
Pick one you like? Creative liberty? Design somthin' fer yerself 😛
I just did \\( 'A')/
nice job
@Demi Tarot alright jared it happened
got the first person in a large discord I'm in to ask where i get my discord icons from
hell yeah
do you advertise for this token portrait thing yet?
like do you have a price for it
I think it falls under a KO-FI so like 6 dollars?
do you post these on your tumblr btw?
nope
wai not
they're custom, I post'em to the people they're relevant too and don't think anything about it
no real reason, just v( '^')v
might be good for bidness
drivin' to work
/r d20+[dex_mod]
Sheep of Condemnation is my favorite screenshot
fuck, it was two images
the other part said "also known as the Sweetlip Swoose"
it swoose
So help me god I will smite thee from the face of this earth
its clear god is dead, isn't it?
We killed him
THEN I'LL TAKE HIS PLACE ( 'A')9
That sounds like hell
'^')
^')
')
Hell is for people who think dungeons are sandwiches
...do they have their preferred gender pronouns listed on that server
?
yep
gender identity is an important part of that community
Huh. Haven't seen that outside of res hall emails from RAs
its relevant
there's a lot of trans people in the community, or just people who have complex thoughts on gender and identity
Is that Koebbel's discord server?
Ol Daddam?
Yeas
I've caused a text- TED talk when it comes to streaming twitch shows on that discord
very amusing
@Mujin @Koala @Demi Tarot I know it's late for two of you, but, OVERWATCH?
sorry man not tonight i'm actually about to climb into bed
tomorrow fo sho
ayy no whirries
got prospective players #3 and #4 hopefully it goes through
nice
Get it andrew
I done a commooshin
oooh
nice work!
ayy you're up late -- and playing minecraft @JadedThrasher
look good jared!
helz yea i am for maybe another hour or so
one sec
can't tell if pants or not
nope
she's got Seraphine scales on her hips there
@mannie.exe  get in chat
my download speed was being unreasonably fast because it's 3:23 so I took that
Mannie, have you ever considered NOT BEING SO ABLEIST (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
confirmed 3 players, 5 potentials
looks like the paid game is gonna be a go
hell yeah
ahhhhhhhhhh
this animation is so good
anyone wanna play Fortified?
Are you make a joke using Fortnite or is that a thing too?
Ah. It's a thing.
Okay. I'm downloading it. @Deleted User
sweet
Fortified broke.
It tried to use my VR, now it dumb.
help compooter
hey
dats a computer
@Demi Tarot
thoughts?
credit: ninja guy
fallen assmon
Fallen Aasimar
it woiks
never forget David Cage is the greatest writer in the industry
me after drinking juice that makes my mouth round
BUT I'M GONNA DO IT ANYWAY JUST YOU WAIT AND SEE
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
fuck yeah booooooooooooooooys E CONFIRMED
@timlives
me, as the DM
fuck yessssss
🤔
@Deleted User give or take another hour til Battlefuckery is done
legit
we just cut off this monsters arm
and put its arm in a bag of holding so it couldn't reattach
cause it kept regenerating
That was pretty clever
@Deleted User fucklefield is ready babe
nah it all went to shit cause the monster arm in the bag started regenerating a whole new monster
and ruined the bag and all the stuff
anyone watching e3?
i be
fucking knew DICE would announce Battlefield Royale
the crowd yelled NOooooooo
I even yelled Noooo
...They got inControl to come in for a mobile game
Its Sc2 pros doing a promo for a Command and Conquer game
its pretty clever
yeah
too bad EA's turned C&C into crap
lol
its been crap for awhile
yeah
wasn't just talking about this game lol
EA has been about as boring as I expected
surprised there was so very little about battlefield V
They've always saved a fair bit for the Xbox conf
there's an xbox conference?
part of e3 right?
yeah
during the week sometime
long way away
Well that was boring
next character idea right here
Oh it's Rosa from Black Lagoon
That is a pretty good idea
Okay guys I'm gonna run a campaign centered around Touhou
....wait shit literally everyone is Evocation Wizards with a feat for Dex saves.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Rembrant probably
hey come here boi @timlives
me af
we getting proper prepared for tonight, had to recalibrate Michael's luck
it was too good so we were worried he'd use it up before the game started
what was he using his luck on
he was good enough at Osu to not be mad
so he started rolling dice and they were all above 10
so we made him roll until he got a bunch of shit ones and had him roll those up and stop
we ended on a 1 and a 9 so we should get average to good on the next few rolls
nice
won't matter though
y'know wot I should do? Some Seraphine tiers + Bonus outfit
do et
the original Tier 2 dress I made for Seraphine was ugly as sin so I'll have to do it alll from scratch
meirl
And that's how they became the Bairdy Bunch
when you find an artist who draws your waifu so cute .OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOF \_(:I/s)_
anyone else feel like the head is coming closer
when you get struck 6 times by lightning
see this is totally normal halfling art
@Demi Tarot
more acceptable
uhhhhhhhhh
i eat ass
ass eat I
thats the devil talking
IS THAT A MOTHERFUCKIN PP TEAM EPIC REFERENCE
a new battle toads game just got announced
FUCKING
Melda + Lotte
Do I know it all bookworm Wizard, or Looks adorable but is a a jaded middle aged woman wizard 🤔
I have no idea what I'm doing
"It's the apocalypse, not an amusement park" - Todd Howard, describing his newest post apocalyptic online amusement park.
I think I'm onto something?
also seems with the Artificer class they're considering making it a Wizard Tradition, from what I see in the eberron UA
guys guys guys
I found a thing
@timlives
kono yaro.....( 'A')9
BAKA YAROO
discovering you were in the void for a week and then being dropped into a battlefield
r u an gay now?
doodloodle-doodleoodle-doodloodle dunnanaanadunnanadunnanannanan
DA DA DA DAAAAAAAAAAAN!
"You got the **Big Gay**"
who isn't @Koala
I'm not Stephan, I'm pretty sure.
we are all _big gey_ on this day
I think that joke doesn't work as well because @tags are not proper nouns
they are now
nope
Michael's Description of Astrid: Tall, Feminine, but unnervingly corpse like in her paleness.
My dumb brain: Scrawny nerd woman who probably dresses like this
hawt
well your dumb brain is obviously better than my dumb brain
both are fine
👽
AGHHHH.
Aline you say?
Aien
WHY CAN'T I FUCKIGN TYPE
sdfjgsufhgsiudfng
ALLEN
ALLEN
ALLEN
Hey Andrew.
@a ghost with purpose
Wanna see me beat-off Expert songs on Beat Saber?
he's prepping for his FIRST PAID GAME
o
NVM.
Thanks for the song. I'm digging it.
I still wanna setup **_S   T R   E     A  M        _** software.
wtf there's a Division 2?
oh damn
Another Tomb Raider.
A little excited.
Shit. _Another_ Assassin's Creed game?
The game was shit and weird to begin with, but now I just feel like the one AAA video game franchise I enjoyed is being fucking molested right in front of me.
Unfortunate.
I got d&d in a hot minute sorry mate
I really enjoyed the trailer for AC Odyessy
Peloponnesian war stuff is wicked cool, and its an rpg where I can be a badass spartan lesbian
I'm into it
Shiiit. I really hope it's fun and does well.
I just wanna play Assassin's Creed again.
Also! TESVI! High Rock, presumably? I saw the teaser for it very late last night/early morning.
Curious to see how that plays for sure. @timlives
MEH
The tes:6 stuff was pretty disappointing
"Hey we're making this game we're obviously going to make, in like four years probably sorry"
Oh is that pretty much what was revealed?
Sounds about right. They did the same thing with Skyrim.
Except the wait was hella' longer.
IIRC they first showed Skyrim at E3 2009?
did you guys see the gag skit they did making fun of skyrimt his year
watch it
Yes. We were there
that shit is gold
Mannie wasn't
O ye
And there are more people in chat than you cunt 😛
Mannie watch that shit
Also
Skyrim for Alexa is real
I shit you not
I'd play that shit
Todd you did it again
this shark game is probably best of the conference honestly
Maneater. Its a shark rpg
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS GOOOOLD.
Anybody wanna watch me play Beat Saber? I'm bored and I wanna try streaming something again.
@Koala @Demi Tarot @doakZ ^
I'm currently watching the Ubisoft E3 event but will join after
( '^')-b
“DM: Your wolf doesn’t like this door. It smells off.
Virx: I open the door
DM: You see a Ghast gnawing on an arm.
Virx: I close the door.”
when riot chat bans you
actual footage of frogs ruining my life
Whats his stand
Wet
his stand is obviously Dragonforce
『Dragonforce』
One of my coworkers brought in a Nintendo Labo and we're dissecting it and playing games. I love my job
I'm screwing around with excel worksheets while browsing xkcd. I can do this job
[triggered] @Mujin
So the new aatrox rework looks insane.
Maybe he's actually a viable champ now
Probably not tho
hey michael how many cores does that cpu have?
The i7s are quad cores with an additional four virtual cores, iirc
it's an i5 6-core
@Deleted User
HOLY SHIT
SMASH ULTIMATE
smash5
EVERYONE is back
With loads of skins
for Kirby to give the _s u c c_
YEAAH BOIII
:mscupBoom:
:mscupRare:
:mscupLove:
:mscupSpicy:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
Ni🅱 🅱 a
🅱 enis
found the PERFECT representation of this chat
tes:6 location solved ^
I felt a need to update my persona
ill give you like a 7/10 from the waist up and like a 5/10 below, not a fan of the shoes
the shoes are a classic because I can't design shoes and I fear change
I really resonate with this
the damn puppy kept agitating our Yorkie despite me constantly yelling at her. I think I may have ruptured something that last time. Everything hurts and I feel dizzy ( =A=) I hate everything
Nukes aren't a griefing device they say
Take a long time to get access to.
Yeah, we'll see
anyone still up? i gots a question
7
yep
the official site says 66 fighters in the game. There is currently 65 confirmed, please sweet baby goku slide up in there
gimmie like a mr popo at least
dammit luigi
Luigi still un-fucking-touchable
Tumlr
do I blunder about hoping to be "productive" or just NepNep
what is nep nep
quake champions is free on steam this weekend and if you add it to your lib you get to keep it for free
gross
i dont want that shit in my library
Yeah, Andrew only tolerates quality, tasteful games like Melty's Quest in his library
This is Nep Nep
dont @ me about melty's quest
Don't make me fuckin @ you
when you and your friend get attacked by short invisible ninja
Pinned a message.
@Meko
h
:gotem:
you did it, you absolute mad man
When the enemy knows to target the caster
guess what randomly appeared on my spotify
I've eaten like four of these carboard patty burgers and I think I'md ying
That
Is
Just
Current year, right there
I've moved up on the totem pole today bygawd. I'm riding around with beardy in the new truck doing nothing. @timlives
Bois
@timlives They'll go perfectly with your I Eat Ass shirt
"I hate Revolver Ocelot because he’s the embodiment  of that asshole who’s like “JOKE’S ON YOU, I WAS ONLY PRETENDING TO BE OWNED! IT WAS MY PLAN TO GET KICKED IN THE DICK ALL ALONG!!!!!!!!”

but then you follow the paper trail and, son of a bitch, it turns out him getting kicked in the dick was somehow integral to taking down the illuminati. "
Samus is responsible for this
Fuck yeah I'm mad about Snake's ass reduction
Cuz every MGS he be bringin the cakes out bruh
Double cheeked up on a Tuesday
@timlives narrator uses the adjective "bespoke" at 1:34 (freaky cool my dude/10)
fookin.
me: "oh I'm tired, better sleep"
my PoS brain the minute I lay down: "**EVERYBODY GET UP IT'S TIME TO SLAM NOW!**"
so after staying awake ~38 hours I managed to sleep for 8 and I only feel mostly dead
Why did you stay awake for 38 hours? Try to reset your sleep schedule?
do I have to have a reason
Ub
Uh
Well it helps I guess
You didn't do it for shits n giggles did you?
p much
ohgawd
no wonder you feel mostly dead lol
well
it mostly started as resetting my sleep schedule then I stayed up til 6am anyways
a Kill la Kill game was announced
since we're nearing the end of the War of Calen Bar Arc, have a fitting song
REEEEEEEEEE
you guys not getting on Diablo tonight?
we were playing D&D
@timlives  goblin rooms are doubled
Song...then Nas...........man Elise, Baird and Echo better watch their backs. NPCs with icons are cursed
literally killing myself
also a commission I bought. Fuck man I'm dead it's so good (9'A')9
thats so good wtf
well spent
also TSUCHINOKO REAL
who
that picture on the wall
SUHHHHHHH
Yes or no?
You're looking for a Yes, aren't you
I just need enough yesses to convince the fam
I'll go with an "I can't actually stop you"
YEEEEEESSSSSS
YES
well this is an interesting start to the day, my grandparents broke down all the way in Corbin, and my parents aren't home so I might have to go get them
Pinned a message.
@timlives
that oscillating makes it
why is my yt getting like 2-5 subs a month
wtf
Strippin on fathers day
Grinding For Honor
man after my own heart
ok I'm glad I knew the context for that ahead of time
lol
me trying to get michael to do anything
"if I ever play a Cleric again, I probably will be different and not be a Nun"

"On second thought."
I did not have sexual relations with those cat girls
@Mujin
critical role is splitting from G&S and starting their own studio
tho this is only for new shows
@Koala  chu see Anne got interviewed on CNBC fer gaming and twitch and stuff
ye
this michael bitch keep ssleepin cmon
dang ass sleepy boys
paid v2 went very well tho
everyone was raving after the sesh
we made it
<3
Congrats my dude.
We gotta talk about that portfolio at some point for sure. @a ghost with purpose
I really wanna make you something nice now.
fuck u missed my deadline
i mean
❤
It'll be a cool thing to build
Though more of an accessory than something I actually need right now, I realized
The website portfolio thing will be necessary as I move into doing D&D shows or trying to be more 'pro' and charge more for paid games
Well I googled why the center of my chest was hurting a bit and apparently I'm having a heart attack
AND I have cancer
<>
Welcome to the club, Andrew
Worked pretty well tbh.
My boss is a boss. Just gave me mini dice
niiiice
I'm going to the CodePen meetup today! @Mujin
Ayyyy! That’s awesome! @mannie.exe I think one of the guys I worked with at Drees runs that
The organizers are Dave Berning, Ryan LaFary, and Bryan King. Ring a bell?
dice are cool
Boi.
I'm ordering my racing wheel today
Ahhh, David Berning works at Drees. @Mujin
purposefull supp
I'll take that first one thanks
"It wouldn't be near as fun if this was consensual" -*Andrew "Maybe He Is That Kind of Dungeon Master" Collett, 2018*
@Demi Tarot
Pinned a message.
Races I got rules for
-Croox
-Fasolati
-Grumbly
-Kamaigne
-Pushar
-Windoll
Races I don't got rules for
-Dropii
-DuChateau
-Haribou
-Sichosi
-Verma
-[still unnamed dinosaur guys]
Hm, Fasolati Bard (College of Swords) Verma Fighter (Gunslinger) and a Monk (Drunken Master) either Pushar or Fasolati (flavored as a War Dancer)
I'm down with the Fasolati Sword Bard
clothes for Solette?
in armor she wears scale mail
this is pretty af
playing some ranked in league
this game is dumb
really rough heck
heck
I am not at proper art/design capacity
do you have any opinions Mr. Andrew the Mandrew
she cute. hair and face is best, below the chin I like a little less. Maybe a little more hip? Less hip? I think you know what I mean
bust size seems good tho
holy symbol is good
aight, what about between Sord Bun and Gun Mouse
both of those are hella gud
love'm
@Demi Tarot  league sux tell me to stop
Stop playing shit video games at 5 AM and tell me which NOT FURRY character I should pick for our make believe emotion gambling games
ok thanks
and I still vote the bun
#bunbard2018
well
wtf do I do now
what if i never even liked video games, I just liked the bonds and friendships I formed through them
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
I literally googled "I'm gay as fuck" and took the first thing I saw
hopefully doesn't skew my targeted ads for the near future
mood.
***Ability Score Increase.*** Your Dexterity score increases by 2 and your Intelligence score increases by 1.

***Size.*** Verman are around 3.5 to 4 feet tall, and rarely weigh more than 30 lbs. Your size is Small.

***Speed.*** Your base walking speed is 30 feet.

**Darkvision.** You have superior vision in dark and dim conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can’t discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.

***Mechanical Experience.*** You have proficiency with artisan's tools (tinker's tools). You also have advantage on Intelligence (History) checks involving constructs and mechanical devices.

***Industrial Tolerance.*** You have advantage on saving throws against poison, and you have resistance against poison damage.

***Nimble Escape.*** You can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of your turns.
one of you D&D nerds evaluate if this is balanced
I think it looks pretty good
seems balanced
Yo someone get ahold of Michael and have him call me or message me on here
@timlives
r u ok @Deleted User
is Michael a.k.a Shookmark around
y'know Thicc Mice may be pretty hot, but you wanna know what's really hot? this.
from left to right
Michael, Andrew, Mannie, Me, Stephan
I lived bitch
ballpark of what Fidget's voice is s'posed to be like, though her accent kind goes away with the actual shadow form (because she has two because P4AU is weird)
this is unrelated but it's cute
opinions
dunno if stirrup leggings work wit this outfit
ballpark of what Fidget's voice is s'posed to be like, though her accent kind goes away with the actual shadow form (because she has two because P4AU is weird)
<> obligatory
me trying to get into character for Sunday
"I should probably sleep earlier." - *Demi "Still Up When the Sun's Up" Tarot, 2018*
"Yeah, you probably should" - *Stephan "Shitless Sherlock" Koclejda, 2018*
Yeet
Anyone up for playing The Crew 2 open beta with me tonight or this weekend?
Sure
Stefan you're my new favorite btw. @timlives  has been replaced
you just went on his shit list
Why does he have a list made out of shit?
All the ass he eats
no no
stephan's shit list
Wat
man im pretty sure everyone else thinks your name is actually Stefan Kolchetta and I think I'm okay with that
I mean the only way I've ever seen his name spelled was Stefan. So I figured that's how it was.
im just fuckin wih ya
im sure steven doesn't mind
Excuse me
Its
Phtephen
Yeah chuck mine is spelled in an uncommon way
Ok phtephan
I'll try to remember it lol
Macademia
@mannie.exe  my sweet prince, have you seen the game *Bloodstained: Curse of the Moon*
fug
what is ocurring
im playing path of exile
those are my minions
fuck I forgot to let PoE download overnight
I have a support gem that makes my minions cast 4 additional projectiles along with their spells, and a gem that makes them echo their spells twice
and they summon mini phantasms of themselves whenever they kill something that do the same thing
I'm playing a bullet hell game
except you're the boss
Danganronpa
ok ok
im going to bed I swear
I've been trying to sleep for 2 hours
time is meaningless
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
i didnt go to work today because i felt like shit this morning
steam is fucking stupid
Yep
i had to completely remove ESO from my account and re buy it. Because it wouldnt loet me buy the version that comes with morrowind since i already owned eso. it wanted me to spend $25 to buy premium currency to buy the dlc.
Ewwwwww
That sucks
yea it was only 10 bucks though
So why did you have to remove and rebuy in the first place?
Because it wouldnt let me buy the game again with the morrowind dlc. i only had the base game originally. i wanted morrowind dlc. the base game on steam now comes with the morrowind dlc and its on sale for $10.
it would only let me buy it as a gift though because i already owned it
Ah
Left the game when it was over, reprort
I love league of legen ds
false
I love
I lo--v
I
:carthhW:
:mooBruh:
:mooP:
:mathsquadCool:
lets see if 4 am coffee fucks up my sleep tonight
alright
this is my favorite meme of all time
Pinned a message.
good ol 2 hours of sleep because sjkflgjkflgj, now I'm in the quantum, tired but knows damn well sleep is off the table at this point
@Demi Tarot  r u ok
vaguely
yeet
I'll join on taplop
oh yeah I was born or something
gz
8=D
@Koala is this proper use of a Roman Shield Wall?
...
Yes
Level 20 gunslinger + action surge
#foreshadowing
Lolis ^^^^
Malphite you are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are
same tbh
I like that price plan
Stupid quote farted out by me.
"Well wishes are for wishing wells."
also related, me receiving birthday wishes while on another plain of existence
did you get nice and sloshed
n
I was sleepy all day so I went to sleep instead
cgz sleep
i made it boys
is that a pic of u
Ever notice how tyler1 kinda looks like vin Diesel
If Vin Diesel was an angry manlet
^
Yee
See?
Close enough right lmfao
kinda
Lmfao
Where everyone at?
*dying in hot truck* send memes
same
Jecsus
Yezeus
Yeezus
Jeesus
:mooDAB:
Yee🅱 us
:mooOOF:
:sayori:
:cactuar:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
💦
💦💦 💦 💦 🥒 🥒
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:  vs  :michael:
:cactuar:
👌
:gotem:
🚔  🚔  🚔
:cactuar:
:oof:
:mooOOF:
🚔  🚔  🚔
:mooP:
🤰
since this bonus comic is only in the print version as far as I know, and it has a great face, I took a picture with my phone as best I could. lewd thumb reveal
michael wishes he could roll above 10 like this
@timlives
every group has a michael
@Demi Tarot  r u gonna patch Hots?
oh right I sohuld do that while I'm randomly studying mythology because...v( '^')v
got HotS to optimal whensoever I'm a person again
kool
I'm stuck with cornbread and branham. Kill me
boiiiii
its lit
HELL YEAH. EDF.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Lililili
where everybody be?
ded
it's that Big Sis Paladin
^^^^ kim
my love for you is like a truck
would you like some making fuck
the guy that drew the Justine pic was talking characters, and mentioned he had one named Corona which reminded me of a monster in Wonder called a Corona, that's basically a Tako Luka that is really gossipy and never shuts up
@timlives @Demi Tarot amine tonight?
sure
I thought we said tomorrow
anime banime
mah schedule had changed
we van stick to tomortow vif you prefer
I don't think I actually exist
it's been a rough one
sokay
i under
My eyes have just freed themselves from my face
uh
friend?
I tried to sleep at a normal\* time, but I woke up not even an hour later just in a fuck

\* *for me*
I slept from 2pm to 9pm but i was awake so long before that im still kinda dead
J'on
J'off
haaaaaaaaaaaa
I mean ok I guess
thats me
I finally saw it today guys. The mythical shit bucket, primarily used by Battlefield and WoW players, and also crackheads who forgot to pay their water bill.
Oof
It stank so god damn bad I puked.
But on the bright side, I'm wide awake now xD
Silver lining to the shit cloud I guess lol
^^^ me any time I talk about @timlives
Lmao
Dude wanna play some BF1 when I get off work? Or I can help you get mods for Arma and we can play some Exile. It's kinda like DayZ but better. @Koala
Sure dude
Oh shit I can pick up some DLC on sale
Remind me to do that
@Deleted User
I... I'm gonna do it, @timlives. It's that time of the year again.
I'm gonna go _outside_.
~~Wait, I meant I'm gonna install _Arch Linux_.~~
Nope.
Don't install Arch Linux
No
Just think
"What would Darren do?"
And then *do exactly the opposite*
Well he would probably install Ubuntu.
v( '^')v
I believe he put Arch or some other distro because he's fucking dumb
And then would complain about all the shit that went wrong
I think I was the first person out of our friend group to say "fuck it" and spend three days installing and customizing an Arch Linux installation.
I don't think I ever truly complained about it either -- mostly because it's easy to see where things go wrong and fix it.
Yes but you aren't Darren
tru
What is an arch Linux?
And yea @Koala  I'll remind you when I get on after work. I'll be on about 4-4:30.
It's one of many various distributions of linux that you can use as an OS
an arch linux is the most pwoerful kind of linux there is
Ah ok
Does that mean you lose the windows OS? Or is it like a digital OS. I hope that's the right word for I lol
It*
I slept for like just under 12 hours, I think I can resume my humanity. then promptly forsake it to watch anime tonight
so the next overwatch Hero is a hamster. OP, how you gonna wanna kill a hamster
Hamtaro/Gundam. The most amitious crossover in history
Ambitious*
bruh, there was a game on the Dreamcast that had Optimus Prime fighting Simon Belmont and Bomberman
Lit
fuggin biggun
when you see the fat anime tiddy
@Deleted User In my case, I would be dual-booting two different OS's. Windows 10 and some flavor of Linux.
Each time I would restart my computer, I would have the option to either boot into Windows, or Linux.
But with a system in place so the files that I create on one operating system are also seamlessly available to the other operating system.
ah cool
do that to my computer @timlives
NightZ RP
E
🅱
why the fuck are these mods so fucking big @Deleted User
Some of them are maps etc.
And some are high quality texture weapons mods.
everything except Exile is done
oh
nvm
it's done
Ah ok
I'll get on after this episode
man
I was gonna go to bed after my hots game 3 hrs ago
then i lost 5 in a row and now I'm pissed
same, except I wasn't playing Hots and was gonna sleep like 30 minutes ago, but then I wasn't tired
so now I'm making Ramen, hopefully doing it Michael style is good :michael:
seems a bit better, guess it was just watered down before
6 games
if you need to sleep on a win, go play You Have to Burn the Rope
I went to bed and slept for 6 hours ya'll got issues
oh look at Mr. Functioning Human Being over here
why don't you go have a balanced diet, and hold a stable job or something
8 games
Hi yes pls thanks
er
7
Go to bed Andrew
after I win
Mama always said never go to bed feeling like a loser
No she didn't
Lol
you're right
I said that
Andrew is his own mother. Plot Twist
Gross
Hey
I'd be a great mother
I'm sure Ivy can testify
And yet here you are
9 losses in
up at 7am
prepping breakfast
hey its 7 going on 8 losses TY V M
Look bud there ain't much I can do about 10 losses
10 losses is when I hit my second form
power up
I'm getting a bad habit of saying I'm going to sleep then....not
I have this bad habit of losing games because I'm v tired and not sleeping because of that
Which you then compound by not going to sleep
yes
this is a downward spiral
its ok -- im feeling this one
Isn't that what gambling addicts say?
well time to actually sleep........after I play Axiom Verge for hours (' ^')
no
i dont expect to win
so no gamblers fallacy
winning would be nice tho
Are you guys ok?
I'm at work, so...
no
Same
Why did out parents birth us just to make us work and pay taxes. Shit ain't fair.
I wanted to be a fucking narwhale but noooo. Got damn taxes.
ok
we won
lets play again
3 years agooo
good times
Yup
"You never want to do anything fun"
Honestly yeah I was scared of the big metal tube
That shit was fun
Hell even my mom went down it lol
:carthhW:
:mooW:
:mooBruh: :mooBruh: :mooBruh: :mooBruh: :mooBruh:
D&D Ladies have a girls' night
Liam: "Such high praise from the stuffy lass"
*stupid grin*
*downs beer*
"She really knows how tae make an auld man blush"
*(Liam is only ten years older than Seraphine)*
Funny drawing @Demi Tarot I like it
follow up
Lmao
and if you're wondering why Lotte agreed to go to a bar, she's the designated driver
Figures
I cannot think of any other character who'd be sober. Justine, Jam and Patty would get drunk as fuck, Seraphine and Burgundy would be tipsy, and Wisteria would be tipsy and *think* she's drunk as fuck
Seraphine would be dancing on tables two cocktails in
Hella white girl wasted
you wish. She's a pure bred noble, she knows how to handle her wine
Wisteria though is hella white girl wasted
Lol
True
Which one is the tiefling in pic 2?
Gotta remember I haven't been in most of these campaigns lol
Hey @timlives I'll pay you for the computer either today or tomorrow. The money got deposited today.
damn it that was 2 pictures I thought it was one
there
Any dog can be a service dog if you put enough peanut butter on your junk.
I dig it ^^^^
Hey @Koala  wanna play more Arma tonight?
@Deleted User sure
We'll find a different server where we don't get butthurt raped by zambies
"fack i fwish not mega legging"
💪 🍗  Mega Legging?
GADD
^^^ server name
The Jungle
:cactuar:
---- :cactuar:
:cactuar:  :michael:
lost this game btw
so I found myself on Library Genesis
and now I'm downloading a security certification study guide
yayy
get fucked CompTIA
stickin it to the man
I eat ass
But only at videogames
pupper that ran off Sunday was found. Happy
oh no
woke up too early, need nap before game time
Oof
So you guys not playing DND tonight?
yooooo im going to knoxville for hookah supplies
Don't get too overwhelmed by the big city
Lol
I'm finna get lit tonight.
We going to party
@timlives @Demi Tarot
u slep? We are looking tah play some Jackbox party games. @Demi Tarot
I've always been iffy on those since my stream tends to fuck up a lot
uh
idk how but we'll figure it out
maybe have one of us stream it?
do you own it?
or do you mean that you can't watch strams?
yeah, lagging and buffering makes it really hard to play the game
if you play as a player
theres no stream
@Demi Tarot
you play thru broswer
browser*
(v'^')v there is though, that's where all the content is
I've done these before
you're thinking of
playing as audience
playing as player is a bit difference
different*
no I'm not, I've literally done this multiple times
k'
You lag in the browser as well?
We weren't gonna stream the thing-a-ma-jig.
That's sad. I'm sad.
alexa play despacito
fvsp
besides we could just use rabbid or something else low latency
well we're playing thru a discord call if you wanna join us jurd
hey andrew, did your burn out only apply to DMing, or playing too?
probably down to play
E
Hey @Mujin. Is @JadedThrasher free right now?
No she’s at work right now. She’ll be done in a little after 5 though
I got $168 worth of fireworks from Indiana today
gonna let freedom ring this week
🇺🇸
🦅
Me and Michael got like $40 worth yesterday
I crossed state lines to get the good shit 😎
and by gawd did I spend a lot of money lol
We bought cheap stuff like bottle rockets, fire crackers, and Roman candles.
Quanitity over quality my dude.
You're going to shoot them at each other aren't you
***EXPECTO PATRONUM***
( 'A') - -- ***********
Bygawd if you think for a second that I won't don my fucking IOTV and have them launch Roman candles at me you're dead wrong.
( '^')
hey guys how's it going 🇮🇳
don't mind me just a fellow american passing through here 🇮🇳
Don't you send that gawt dang Mexican flag. This is a murican discord.
haha xd urite! murrrrika!!! haha, just murrika! 🇲🇽
you can mouse over the flag to see the country (\`A`)
I'm on my phone. Bygawd CAPITALISM
mouse over it anyway
MURICA FUCK YEA!!!!
I think I know what happened to those hobgobs
butt stuff?\
just a theory, and not sure how true it holds since it also affect the Warg but
I think the time displacement is per group, (we all went in at once and were affected at once you see) the hobgoblins who had been there who knows when, were being affected by time much more slowly than us to the point they seemed frozen, poking one probably somehow brought it to our perception of time. They weren't frozen, we were just moving really fast ( 'A')
wot
SpaceTime is Convoluted
my
heart
WHERE IS EVERYONE
Fuckin around on my couch
hott
i fixed my steam btw
i just had to yeet new vegas out of my hdd
Hello friends.
I just listened to desperseetus 2.
It lit.
⎛　　　　´●　　ω　●`　 ⎞
Dude.
Sonic has a fuggin nut butt milk shake
👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌
@timlives @a ghost with purpose
Would you lads be interested in playing? It's $3. @Koala @Deleted User @Demi Tarot ^
Kill me
noh
what's wrong, Front-Shoulder-and-Leg-of-a-Cow Radaman?
I have to work with morons.
But you like hanging out with us
😂
But you all are intelligent morons. These guys... They're... Rednecks...
ah damn
Like... "MAGA, don't talk to me without my dip in, my cousin looks damn fine today, I have a lift kit on my Chevy s10, rednecks"
I work in an industry full of em
Fuckin steel
Mill is full of redneck contractors
I feel ya
@timlives  you wanna hang out tonight? Since I don't work tomorrow.
Na, we'll probably hangout for most of tomorrow though
Oof. Am hurt.
Holly hell dudes
Free for people who already own guerilla. I know what I'm doing tonight.
A reminder that this exists.  @timlives
7 months later and I still feel bad about pulling a Rob on @timlives
What'd you do, promise to take him somewhere and not?
tell him your dick was too big to get out of bed?
burgy pls?
What'd you do, tell him you'll pick him up, and then drive past him in the rain, twice?
twice
:yuukoPLS:
my dingus brain said to work on another setting, I dunno if I want it to be something for D&D or a totes OG thing ~~to be homebrewed later~~
No I invited him over for a new year's party. Then fell asleep.
He stood outside my house for like 20 minutes waiting to be let in.
And I was like 10 degrees out.
fug
at least you had remorse instead of saying "I thought you were some random girl and didn't want to stop in the rain."
like, I thought that was him but he didn't stop, otherwise I would have walked over and flagged him down, but like, he was in a car, what the fuck would rain do?
Oof
he slowed down just a little and then zoooooooooomed off
didn't even make a 2nd lap
Rip
:cactuar:
mannie told me to share this with y'all
AMERICA FUCK YEA
MY FREEDOM BONER IS YUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE
*slaps 4th of July* "This bad boy can fit so much god damn patriotism in it"
Yo @timlives you and your dad be over here at mimis at 15 till 5
@timlives I drew a 100% accurate Astrid
but yeah like 90% of the images I had seen of Ozen were like this, so I thought that was just her default look, not a creepy exaggeration for when she was being a creepy psycho bitch
the other 10% were this
Friends.
Join me in the speechy chamber.
Btw
Would that be an upgrade for Kim @timlives
FRENDS
fuckin' called it
seems accurate to me
Beach Seraphine. now you know how her hair looks with the curls all soggy
mvp cloud in that seraphine drawing
fuck
but also same
so I think I came up with a decent prompt for a JRPG. Princess's Right hand man becomes her literal right hand after shit goes awry. Some evil dickwad needs her family ring, she won't hand it over, he decides to *cut* to the chase and take her entire arm off. She wakes up, and some wizard guy is all "Yeah uh you and your bodyguard were bleeding out so I fixed it, kinda." So then you got a princess with a magical sapient arm on a quest for REVENGE and to SAAAAAAAAAAAVE THE WOOOOOOOOOOOORLD
@timlives
need to LEGITIMATELY ACTIVATE photoshop on my desktop
so
my brakes are out on my car
and i didnt go to work
Do you guys think Daddy long legs spiders find it kinky when we call them Daddy?
no cause thats its name
aww
knowing there's people with these credentials makes you just kinda give up. How can you compete?
wrong chat, but enjoy it anyway
same
where is everyone today
Fuckin bored as shit
standard hdd's for desktops are 3.5" right?
yeah
or are they 2.5
oh ok
2.5 is what sata SSDs are
ah ok
i slep
get your sweet ass back here chuck
I was informed my last RPG idea from yesterday was the plot of a manga, which doesn't surprise me. PLAN B THOUGH, from a mechanical standpoint I think I an idea I wanted from way back has been sorted
a"Megaman" format RPG
can do sets of bosses any any order (may do waves of 4 like some later megas) and each boss defeated gives you an equipment piece that changes your class. Each boss you beat causes the other areas to scale in power as they have more time to gather strength. Allows for lots of replay value ( '^')👌
Did he really get married in cargo shorts
thats imaqtpie baby
jaysus
🤔
TRIGGER HAS A PATREON?????
they do now
ey that's pretty thrilling you know
@timlives @Demi Tarot @Koala wanna play JackBox tonight?
sure
Dank. Mike's already down.
@everyone @Mujin will be ready for JackBox in 30 minutes for whoever else wishes to play!
@Mujin Hey, are we readegg? It might just be @timlives, you and I -- but still.
@Demi Tarot doesn't seem to be around?
And Tiara's too scared to play. 🤣
I'm redy
i might be free to paly in 5
Yo gucci. We prolly be on fo a bitt
waiting for company to leave 😡
Just kick them out
need a bigger boot 😡
@mannie.exe
@timlives
xckdsfksadf
@mannie.exe Ya good to play?
@Mujin Go ahead and play a few games without me. Shit came up.
Thugoi
pro r6 console
That hurt to watch
relatable
that shiz was good
fuckin great wasn't it
"Daddy No!"
"DADDY YES"
"Haha. Grass?"
"Oh shit."
:crisPositive:
this still kills me
yeeeeeeeeeeee boy
made it to diamond 5 before the end of the season at 9 am
mood
@Koala  what does fdp mean
a french speaker just called me one
Lol what
oh apparently short for fils de pute
Was about to say
which i think is a not very nice thing to call someone :mooLUL:
Indeed not
that's more or less like Son of a bitch/whore, init?
yeh
him pupper
its chuck im trying to fix this headset
its only got one aux cable so im assuming it wont work
uhhhhhh
ive shared that like 10 times on ol facey book
love that shit
same
do u wanna play games btw @Meko
im bored of 23 minute queue times for sh*t games
yee yee
"Hey me, you wanna make an RPG, yeah?"
"yes."
"and do something with Wonderlust, right?"
"mmhmm."
"Why not do a Wonderlust RPG"
"......."
HA
das sum gud sheet
@Demi Tarot Have you seen the Lez Show?
I've seen no shows
It's great.
Wanna watch it with Michael and I?
Rabb.it it?
I need to actually work today instead of being a Tired Bitch™
It's shooort!
11 episdoes in season 1, and they're all like, less than 5-ish.
Half-an-hour adventure.
@JadedThrasher
@a ghost with purpose  are winning mr. boom
fuck no
heh
Potato encounters giant cheese puff
Is the dog from an oil painting
and @Koala I'm pretty sure the dog is from Virginia
@mannie.exe
when are we doing that ^
@a ghost with purpose alright we need to decide on our ducc souls characters so we can start working on the costumes
roll for it
I rolled and you get fuckin uuuuuuuuuuuuuuh, Sif, and Gavlon
I don't care what we get, but either @timlives or @Trin has to be Solaire. Probably @timlives.
@a ghost with purpose I could see either you or I as Artorias.
You have the height for it.
@Demi Tarot Clearly needs to be Ciaran, Artorias' maybe-kinda' waifu. :^)
Uhhh. Kinda' wanna have @a ghost with purpose do Andre now.
I'm feeling Big Hat Logan or Ornstein, and oooh -- @timlives could be a good Big Hat Logan too.
more like Big Slat Logan....cause he makes venetian blinds for the gods who are really tall
@mannie.exe I'll take Smough 👌
Alright. Ducc Souls character combos:
@Koala: Smough
@a ghost with purpose: Artorias, Andre
@timlives: Solaire, Big Hat Logan
@Demi Tarot: Ciaran
@mannie.exe: Ornstein, Big Hat Logan
@Trin: Solaire
I haven't even fully considered DkSII+ characters.
Mostly Gavlan.
all the possible Duck Sauce waifus and you pick Miss Don't Do Shit s( '^')z
Hey @Meko do you have DBFZ on Steam?
Hey! Lucatiel's cool, but idk.
Brass armor lady's alright, idk what she does.
You could be Dancer if you'd like, but the hair man, _the hair_. You have _the hair_ for _Ciaran_.
But it don't maaaatter.
It's aaalriiiight.
also Prince Lothric, y'all can drag my ass around
pls
I'm honored to be your Artorias
good ol Artorias gets his arm broken goes crazy and manages to get famous on some other dork's acheivements
granted he was famous before the Oolacile incident so I can't give him too much shit
inb4 I have the hair for Velka, the Goddess of Sin.
^')
go as Pickle-pee
absolutely not
I already have a bird problem.
My top favs right now are the basic Chosen Undead, or the Soul of Cinder.
Hey @doakZ do you live?
@timlives @Demi Tarot Will you fuckers watch the Big Lez Show with me today or nah?
HUMOR ME WITH YOUR LOVELY PRESENCES DAMN IT.
my head feel smoosh
PERFECT.
That's just what you need for that show.
headaches make 0 things better
ye that's true
I'm offended I wasn't included in duck souls
@Mujin FUCK
It's clear to me that you'd wanna cosplay as one of your own... designed... characters... and not one of the NPCs.
oh dear fucking god do I need that book right now. @JadedThrasher
@everyone download Icons on steam right meow
smash like free to play game on steam, its lit
its pretty fun
Dude, where's my porn -Andrew Collet 2018
its chuck trying to fix headset again
Pinned a message.
@Demi Tarot
you wanna watch a thing? @timlives's showing me some dank shit
I'm watching a stram
bruh
we _live_ though
but it's okay
ono
o no
oh no
my sleep schedule is so bad
plz somebody help me they wont stop talking about the bible
quote of the day, "It's stupid to question the bible."
s e n d  h e l p
oh no...
also, I just bought a pound of butter pecan fudge
diabetus inc
yikes
pessimistic but cute
@a ghost with purpose plug ears with fudge
provides silence now
and tasty snack later
mm extra wax
@timlives
I have to have a facebook to see that
mobile :<
too real
@timlives  make a new league account and play a bot match with me and kim so i can get the daily mission lol
sorry I don't play that filthy game
im so tired halp
pls bb
"I think Obama was gay in a previous life." - my dad
"Obama made being gay acceptable and fucked this whole country up"
plz
Man I kinda wish I was there just so I could give your dad the most incredulous look
Because that statement is pure what-the-fuckery
Also I'm pretty chuffed that my post coincidentally make sense as a reaction to said statement
who is Twindry
"not found"
@timlives  you just need to start gragas dancing. all the time.
w h o i s Twindry
someone twice as dry as ther est of us
who wields akimbo dry
sry guys i gotta ditch team 2d
all about the 3d kpop waifus now, huh
ya
gotta adjust my sights to the esports hunnies once I go pro in hots :mooLUL:
kappa
kap no kap
youtube recommendations are ruined
k I kicked Twindry from the server cause I dunno who it was, if it was ur friend
@timlives
@timlives
@timlives
@deleted-role can we move when we do dnd this weekend? I have a family outing I’d really want to go to. I can do any time during Friday, Saturday, or Sunday (except for Saturday evening)
I'd be okay with such a change.
@deleted-role can everyone else please let me know how we are feeling on the time change
I'm okay with the time change if everyone else is
"Fuck a pineapple on my god damn pizza" these lyrics speak to me
like & subscribbe
:mooP:
hello
So Michael is eating, i assume because i hear the clanks of silverware onto plates and Andy man is playing a game?
I do not have the mic
I'd have to leave my house to get one.
Oh. Yeah. True.
Hi Trin
Oops
Ohai!
.  ║\
   ║▒\
   ║▒▒\
   ║░▒║
   ║░▒║when you
   ║░▒║
   ║░▒║were partying
   ║░▒║
   ║░▒║i studied
   ║░▒║
   ║░▒║the blade
    ▓▓▓
          ||
 (\__/) ||
 (•ㅅ•)||
/  　  づ
this cat just fucking ascended
im so sad
this shit sucks
What's up
@Koala  I bought parts for a new pc last night and I can't get it to post /boot :crisFeels:
Oh fuuuck
Wait
Did you hit the power switch on the PSU
yes
I have 4 sticks of 8gb ram and tried every combination but the dram post light stays lit
Hmmm
gonna swap my ram out n see whats good
otherwise I guess its mobo problem or cpu
but i d k
im hella annoyed tho, dont think ill ever do custom build ever again
xd
My prebuilt is fine. Who did you buy yours from?
no no
I meant I'm going to do prebuilt next time
If it turns out to be something simple I'm gonna rofl
Generally what it is, ain't it? @Koala
meh
not sure what "simple" thing it could be
That sucks my dude. Really fucks with the hyped excitement.
ahhhh
I just dunno whats broken
really hoping its not the mobo
ye
I would have a look but I'm car-less.
meh
I can stop by after work if you're still having trouble
Been awhile since I visited anyway lol
yeh
ok
fixed ram
now my bios screen is green 😃
Ayyyyyyy
Wait is it supposed to be green
n.
Well it posts
dvi cable waz the izzue
alzo a certain key iz broken on my laptop keyboard can you tell which one
putting window 10 on a flazhdrive now 👍
okay, I was worried you were turning into a bee
i think im done tho
can ztart uzing the new rig
I think the C key would have made more sense for ctart
not in zoviet ruzzia
You're doing this on porpoise
Nah the S key is actually borked, I remember lol
Oof
yay!
Did you find out you won the lottery?
have you tried turning it off and on again?
Uninstall win x32.
@mannie.exe tech support can you help him?
@doakZ He already helped himself.
CNN
windoge
@timlives  @Koala  @mannie.exe  any monitor recommendations? lookin fer a third one
noooo clue
If I had to buy one right now, I would just browse Reddit for some obscure deal.
@a ghost with purpose depends on what you want
...or spend a day researching the pros and cons of every configuration available under the sun until I felt satisfied with something.
something to browse reddit
$100-150 bucks
So, 1080p, probably no more than 60Hz, seams don't matter...
Can probably find something on /r/buildapcsales
yeh
Yeah. That subreddit should help fo' sho'.
@Meko
Turns out my monitor is on sale for 150 again
1440p 60 Hz IPS thin bezel. No frills like freesync or anything but hey its 150 bucks
It's quite a nice monitor actually
Lenovo L24q
On lenovo.com
@a ghost with purpose
Also what is your parts list
oo
its gud
compaq is the only pc.. change my mind
@Koala
i bought 32gb of ram but the 2nd set didn't work
so gotta take it back
also this harddrive not the other one
for the 2tb
But can it run Space Cadet pinball
no sir
no spamware on my computer
you take that back right now you son of a bitch
son of a beetch
prob getting dis monitor
Yo. You dudes should download Evil Apples on your phones. It's basically cards against humanity but on your phone.
Me and Kim both play it, and so does my brother.
Bygawd arvil with the backhoe again xD
deep voice
Isekai Maou to Shoukan Shoujo no Dorei Majutsu
"...then you probably need the drugs." - Michael "the bolton" Bolton
Pinned a message.
(*´ε`*)ﾁｭｯﾁｭ
uwu whats this
WHAT THE FUCK ACTUALY EPISODE 26 OF CRIT ROLE?!?!?!
_**AGHHHHHHHHHHH**_
It's so fucking hot out.
I'm literally sick from the heat. I'm so happy I don't work weekends.
Uh
You need water bruh
If you're literally sick from the heat, that's bad
Yea I think the coffee monsters didn't help
Like I feel nauseated
Like, you need to gtfo of the sun right now
Because that's heat stroke
Heat exhaustion and heat stroke are made more likely/worse by caffeine
And lack of water
Yeah it's lunch right now and I'm sitting in the office out of the heat. But I just feel light headed and nauseous
Those are literally symptoms of heat exhaustion
Oof
Guess I'll die
Pls don't
When I was a mechanic's assistant they beat us over the head with stuff like this
And made sure to provide water and sports drinks, which I'm pretty sure is OSHA mandated
Yeah when I was in the military it was the same way. They treated us like shit 90% of the time but if someone started showing signs of heat exhaustion or heat stroke, they dropped everything to make sure that person was alright. They even taught us the codes to call out if we saw someone with those symptoms. But here at the street Dept they just don't care. If you can't work they just send you home without pay.
Fuckers
Yeah it sucks but it's money. And if I kill over at least Kim will get decent money lmao
Lol
Well, at the very least make sure to drink plenty of water
If you're out in the sun, should be like 5-8 ounces every 20 minutes.
You'll have to piss but that's better than dying of heat stroke
Yeah
Idk how bad it is but the Street Dept is obligated to take certain steps to mitigate heat risk and stuff
www.osha.gov/SLTC/heatstress/prevention.html
guys
let's sue 'em
Also, that link 404's for me. @Koala
Works for me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
oh what a downer
I'm going home early so I should be good
same
@a ghost with purpose hey you heard of this neat-o game called "The Spectrum Retreat"?
mope
nope
whats it
It's this almost psychedelically horrific, story-based puzzle game that reminds me of Portal and BioShock1/3:
@timlives
woah
@Koala
Whose shit ass kid calling great grandpa "bro"
Lmfao
Show that lil shit the big dick energy
@timlives
:crisPositive:
:crisNegative:
:sayori:
im the bes
@timlives I gotta do laundry
Preth
wrong chat
so you get no context
but you do get this
nice
FINALLY AN ANIME FOR ME
@timlives
I stole Michael. He's at my mimis house
tell him to look at my card
Rem underwear
Bygawd what have we done
the car parts
are
so
gold
also this is a must - listen :
I can't wait for Soda to have a whole fuckin car lol
He was talking about the plan to have someone asses the viability based on the parts they had so far and build it for him
its gonna be great
It'll be janky as shit but equally as glorious
I just got an ACT/SAT prep app ad on twitch, they have their own twitch channel
im getting too old for this shit
Looks like Amazon thinks you're 16 lol
well
Amazon is right
*gag*
is that hillary clinton?
I bought dis
why buy a TN
huh
it's a TN panel on that monitor
i dunno what that means
ah i have done my google research
Because i had a 180 bucks to spend and it was the best deal
')-b
basically i wanted to try 1ms delay monitor to see if i could notice a difference
compared to like 5 ms or something?
Yeah.
I reaaaally doubt it but I guess we'll see
and since its my farthest monitor 27in seemed nice compared to 24, plus its 75hz
i really doubt it too but who knows
not bad
you gotta get a bigger desk now lol
seems crazy to me 2 ram sticks are the same price as that monitor
i have a table cmon
I need an actual desk lol
need to buy a mic stand and an arm for my mic too
my wallet is boom :(
time to work at Lowes again lol
man why everything gotta cost money
nah gonna start streaming again in august
btw
you going taking classes at regionals or at Ox this fall?
im taking another sem off actually
how come?
If I post something DnD related should I put it here or in the rpg chat?
Wait. God dammit I just saw that Jared already posted it.
Why does this keep happening to me. First the Doug Dimmadome now the Warehouse. Kms.
I'm on top of all the quality memeage
I saw it yesterday and didn't think to save it then couldn't find it again till just now.
Yoooo @timlives  you need to get Bring To Light for your Oculus
It's a horror game that uses your heart rate to determine jump scares etc.
when the founder of riot games tweets this
u kno its over
I'm a day late and a terrible friend so Happy belated Birthday Andrew
Wait yesterday was his birthmas?
@a ghost with purpose <3 you bud
Yarp
ya
ty
i didnt drink anything tho
I can fix that
no im clean
alcohol is bad ok
What if I bring Asuna cosplayers to flirt with
listen here buddy
I've changed
Mah b
Sneaky cosplayers
:mooP:
@timlives I've got an important job for ya
You're going to become a trap for the day
i think its been linked before but its so good
thats kim^^^
anyone down for some amine night. I could do with a break from this rut I'm in with some laughs and some booze and compaionship
I'm watching How Not to Summon a Demon Lord right now actually.
@Demi Tarot I'm down for a few eps of something
Uh



There's a French dub of Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid
But there's no subtitles tho
good times
its like putting your fingy in the barrel of a gun to stop thge bullet
we animeing or nah?
A
Welp when's the wedding Mannie?
this chat but reversed
are we in more of an animood tonight?
this comic haunts me
@timlives
fuq dat
@mannie.exe Mannie you got yourself a cute date bud gj
Eat the booty like groceries.
by god u stay away from that booty unless u got some coupons we can't afford no groceries
Groceries = baby?
You gotta get that generic brand booty we can't splurge on the name brand
Ohhh I read that wrong
ya he said splurge not sploooj
Oof
why are buffalo chicken wings so guuuuuuuuuud
I had some earlier. Gent made me eat lmao
Meat.
Is it sad im listening to that unironically?
The ting goes skkkkkkrat pop pop skyaaaat
Skiddy keet pop pop anda poop poop budatoot boom.
Thug lyfe
For anone needing a GPU upgrade.
1060 6gb Destiny 2 and a $20 gift card for $250. That's less than what I paid for my 1060 back before prices went up.
^^^ disregard last post
promo code is invalid. cost is actually 329
rip
my free memes...
@Demi Tarot
k I just finished far cr y5
and holy shit that game is bad
Lol
just
the ending
was
so
bad
Yeah I heard that the ending was kinda weird
Its not bad. It's just designed so that you lose either way.
There's no good ending. Similar to the final destination movies
it doesnt matter if theres "no good ending"
the story is just shit
the characters are paper thin, the gameplay is repetitive, enemy types are lazy and boring, and the writing is mega cringe
every set piece encounter feels like utter :mathsquadHorse:  :mathsquadGM:
@Koala  the ending is basically a redundant  choice into disconnected bullshit and predictable sequences into the final ending which is big bad evil guy going, "Haha, I was right all along."
I would cross the street if I ever saw a couple wearing these walking my way
I asked Kim if we could get those.
She said no.
I'm still getting the ahegao socks
Now that I've explained what it means she said she might want the shirts.
Lol
Yaoi is two dudes right and Yuri is chicks? Or do I have that backwards?
yuh
yeah that's right
Ok I'm explaining anime terminology to Kim
You mean, hentai terminology
really testing her commitment to that "til death do us part" aren't you.
Exactly @Demi Tarot
And listen Stephan. Ain't nothing wrong with yaoi holes.
I ain't saying its wrong
Exhibit A as to why my Ubi name is YaoiHoleSupreme
I'm saying you're wrong
@timlives  so what will we be doing tomorrow?
Kim doesn't have clinicals so she's gonna hang out with us too
I don't know
Oof
@Meko  your league name is LSSJ Broly right? or is that other mike
das me
wan play league in a bit?
yeah prob in a bit
💩
oof
How are my boys doing?
caliente
So I finally finished  Heroes of the Storm and it's very much unplayable...
too laggy?
yeah.. lol
the ole toaster just aint puttin out anymore
get an 11 series when they drop
you a big money doctor man
eventually brethren lol
But it's more internet @a ghost with purpose
rip
get more
im gonna ;p
you won't
lol i will too
what isp have you got?
Barbourville Utilities
wat
Yeah, it's the power company down here. They bundle everything.
I'mma just....post my resume here and y'all tell me if it sounds like manager material
whoops the opening paragraph is still palceholder text
"Team player dedicated to customer satisfaction. Aims to meet the needs of consumers and employees by keeping the work place organized and clean, and offering advice and information as needed with enthusiasm and politeness. " how does that sound?
Like a bomb diggity dood
ah
1000 pingus
ayy man man
is good mannie
I'm already workin down here in Barbourville at the ARH Hospital
I've been there since the first of June.
I just kinda forgot to keep everyone posted mb mb
As soon as I get this internet sorted out and purchase a mic I'm gonna swoose in more
bb soon
I've been wanting to get that for a while.
I have it, it's a time
I make one search for apartments near me and instantly get 3 ads on reddit for Renter's Insurance
internet u scary
Gotta make a tin foil hat for your router now
I knew I should have been a chaplain.
Be a Jewish chaplain. You get bagels I hear
Oh yeah we fucking did.
I was Jewish for three weeks for bagels boy
Lol so the stories I've read are true lol
I was then Catholic for three weeks for the little boys.
I mean wat
Aaaaaand we're back
Oof. The edgelord shall never change.
Deadass kayn and aatrox need a line that says "I am the ultimate edgelord. The edge of the blade Lord." It's completely cringe worthy.
Bruh I'm so bored
@a ghost with purpose
just gonna leave this here
@Koala  review?
Final score: a God*dammit*/10
Pros: Sneaky you did it again
Cons: Sneaky you did it again
@Deleted User  warn me next time we queue if you're in that kinda mood xD
Sorry bout that @a ghost with purpose I was just trying to have fun to keep from being super toxic.
@timlives  I owe you quite a few beers
waaa
its cool
I love not getting paid when I'm supposed to
sue
Would if I could.
By the time I pay a lawyer, I'd have no money left anyways.
become the lawyer
fk'm up
This has happened before. There's been times it's taken up to two days to get our pay.
pretty annoying
Like we're supposed to be paid by noon on Tuesdays, and sometimes we haven't gotten our check till Thursday morning.
No direct deposit, huh?
direct deposit is the future
Doesn't matter, the guys who get direct deposit haven't gotten theirs either.
They're just breaking the FLSA
ban'm
I got paid
Aaaaaand it's gone
YEET I FUKING LOVE BEING AN ADULT WITH BILLS someone kill me ols
Pls*
"is this Dark Souls?"
"oh wait, it's Berserk"
"..."
"same thing"
@Meko
oh man I haven't tried *Skyrim* on the new PC yet
@timlives
critical role got Terry Crews on for some warcraft themed D&D
amazing
POWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
good lad that dyrus
ma boi
No
Stop
@Meko
same
404
get good interenet
idk
no
your link is dumb
like u
stfu about my net
D:
no face cam pleb
im insecure
about my face and my net
what have we done.. @timlives
:^)
Nekopara? I'm gonna need BOTH HANDS FOR THIS ONE
When Andrew shares pics of a cute pizza girl and then asks where the penis is in the photo
venezula before and the crisis vs now
woaaah
lets GO
Dat Smash
related
ಠ_ಠ
so uh
Monster Hunter Worl
who's getting it?
oh you're paying for a copy for me? @Koala
thx man!
Nani
I've got it
Blue
Actually it would be all three
yeah someone else brought up Centaur Life
:purposS:
this video made me feel better
about life
@timlives
Spectrum sent me a copyright infringement notice for downloading Castlevania: Symphony of the Night for the PSX. Luckily, they apparently haven't caught on to the number of TV shows and movies I stream on a regular basis.
Lol
They can't do anything tho
@chuck
Where's chuck
spooter
Computer issues again?
But that doesn't explain why he's not just shown as offline
Hay who's got/getting Mon Hun Wurld?
I'm on the fence
Push me
Bruh
***PUSH ME***
👐
Ah fuck looks like I'm buying it
It's like if WoW was a good game mixed with Dark Souls like combat, but deeper
It's literally like a Dark Souls boss fight simulator
plus exploration
It's my game of the year, so I'm a little biased
as much as I feel people using Dark Souls as a comparison for everything is overdone
this is probably one of the few instances where it's accurate. It's about patience and pattern recognition, if you get greedy you're gonna get your ass beat
Plus the story is super fuckin weeby and stupid
cats are there
I have seen the cats
Yeee that's why I try to compare it solely to DS boss fights
I've seen stupid weeby shit the plot ain't that weeby and/or stupid
Better example, it feels very similar to Dynasty Warriors story
Just super campy? Sounds fun
Dynasty Warrior's story was literally a famous book that's been retold by like 50 games and 20 animes
I meant style wise. In yes, it's very campy
fair I guess
man, I'm sounding really snippy for some reason
Monster Hunter is a retelling of the Bible
Your palico is Jesus
You're good. I suck at words so it doesn't come across right
I thought the plot was a bunch of ecologists were like "Yeah, we don't wanna/ can't kill this giant volcano dragon, but if it wakes up this island is FUCKED so we need you to convince it to fuck off into the ocean"
Yeah it is, but the way it's done is very over the top and taking itself super seriously while you're adventuring around with a talking cat that calls you 'Meowster'
also I'm tired and pissy because I went out to get my medicine and get mom some coffee creamer, and when I went to check out the creamer I apparently left my medicine on the counter when I walked off
we called to see if anyone found it and brought it back to the service desk or the pharmacy, but they said they didn't but would call if they found it. I didn't see it in my car at all, and it wasn't in the bag I brought in
:/ Damn I've done that before. I'm sorry man
like usually leaving the house takes all my juice anyway, but this like, left me at a juice deficit
I'm a raisin
well
Oh, they threatened to discontinue my internet service. @Koala
chuck ragequit discord after a league game like a week ago @Koala
Rip
Fuckin league of legos man
I rez'd him
@mannie.exe mannie get that pleb a married tag
pls
❤
donerrino
@Deleted User Wanna play Warframe with me?
what up mah doodz
hi trin
Hey @timlives and @Koala, do either of you have @Deleted User on Steam?
yeah
ye
Can I get his Steam ID? I'm trying to get the lad to play Warframe with me.
Sgt. C. Hughes
@Mujin ***PUSH ME***
***AND THEN JUST TOUCH ME***
***TILL I CAN GET MY***
You will have so much
***SATIS FACTION***
So much what?
SATISFACTION
Do it son! This game is so good that I’m legitimately worried I’m going to seclude myself because I want to do nothing but play it
@Mujin alright now you've gots to play with meeeee
AAAAAHHHHHHHH
plus I've just finished my internship for the summer so I'm freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I’m gone all night, but you and I will get some  quality time tomorrow 😉
lol I'm gonna be gone tomorrow
Fyuck a dyuck
Sunday?!?!
aye
Aye
Alright @Mujin. Let me steal your account so I can play with @Koala while you're gone tonight.
Clearly the best course of action.
Wat
add Man-Well on steam
It's Sgt. C. Hughes
@Mujin The main menu actually has mouse support, this is a greatest japanese PC port i've ever seen
@timlives  im giving you $50 on tuesday btw
okay
@Deleted User  do you want to hangout tomorrow, because it is the last Saturday before I go back to nku
sure dude
whats everyone doing?
oh and @mannie.exe  my warframe username is chuckradaman
Probably gonna play some Warframe soon. @Deleted User
I made my MH character look as much like Nigel Thornberry as I could
Fuck.
I wanna play MH:W really bad...
Also, what MR are you in Warframe, @Deleted User? Just hit 4.
alright that anime smash thing was pretty average until the last reveal
10/10
gotcha
I'm MR6
I'mma hop on voice
gold.
@Deleted User Gimme 10 to setup my mic.
yeet
wtf is this meme
@Koala
Lmao
OSHA memes, my dude
xd
They're so niche, so surreal that the few posts that are made are just too fucking good
i dont even want to leave my house now.
hangovers blow
drank water
Why am I so tired?
>maybe because you've not slept longer than 4 hours max at any point in the last week or so
If only I knew!
@timlives
I had a weird dream where we were trying to start up another RPG thing, and like, because dream logic this somehow translated to things appearing as a 2D platformer thing, but we were able to move our consciousness to the characters, which turned it into a First Person thing with 3D graphics. Only it somehow messed up and the controls stopped working right, so I took over for someone who was underwater, but my attack and jump buttons were unresponsive and I ended up getting my head stuck in a gap and couldn't move and couldn't breathe so I panicked and woke up
any of you dudes on and want to play hunt showdown?
the f2p thing ends at like 4-5pm
@Mujin
sessions id: 3pseatmpvts
Is this how you make a game
yuo did it
I have made art
:Gondola1:
hey EXAPUNKS is pretty cool @timlives
it is very good
ye
$20...
man I feel like I've been broke my whole life
No
I bed now
perfect
nani
I need help.  Do I try to finish MHW or should I try to power lvl a character in WoW to 120 tonight?
probably wow
Guys. I've become a feminist.
Radfems ain't actually feminists though. They are totally orcs though....wait shit that's insulting to orcs
Maybe they need to focus on the "fem" part of feminism. Some of them look more manly than me.
more Blizzard's fans than Blizzard themselves in that scenario from what I read
*pew*
Insurgency is free on steam to keep if you download it within the next 48 hours
ayy i own insurgency
im playing it rn to try it out
need to render each individual bit of fur @mannie.exe
add light shafts and volumetric fog
heeell yeee
64x Anisotropic
Idc if it doesn't exist
make it
i mean
we can infinitely scale along powers of 2 so ye
sure, your GPU might catch fire rendering the first frame
but whoo caaaares
all the aliases, *anti them*
NO ALIASES IN **MY** PUZZLE MONSTER GAME
@Meko  @Mujin
PepeHands
@timlives
@Mujin  This is amazing
Goblin Genocide
guys
someone hacked the mike pence website
I have tamed a horse.
Patricide
Guess what I bought bois.
thicc thighs save lives @timlives
but thigh highs are my demise @Koala
they're having a dev sale on their games
It'll make things real tender, that's for sure
why are the spikes on that side
that's what worries me
My new vape juice got here finally!!! YEET
thank god it was a service dog
ayyy
what realm you all on?
Who wants to buy my 1080Ti so I can afford this bby
I'll buy yours if you buy mine
when Trinity shows up suddenly
@timlives
dang
need a room mate?
The Maiden Rape Assault: Violent Semen Inferno
ಠ_ಠ
The grass is always greener
very minor upping of my token game. For some dingus reason I was shading with pure black and white like a dumbass despite never doing that on any art ever. So BAM, multiply layers, and what a jump in quality it is
No diddies
sao is great @Koala
dont @ me
don't make me @ you boi
you know its shit
Great at being shit
WHAT
SAO IS AMAZEBALLS
@Mujin  we started doing heroics like an hour ago
😃
hate to see it
@Koala
Lmao
So
L e w d
@timlives
what does it mean
maybe if you WATCHED THE ANIME
im reinstalling mount and blade
i cant believe i uninstalled it xD
Hot damn
ye but they made a bad joke on twitter
we hate them now
i like bad jokes
no no they offended the peoples of the players of the purchasers of the game
i like offensive jokes
people need to care less
must be nice being straight white male
it is
but you know me i laugh at everything
ye i think its really dumb too
srsly
but knowing the community
the butt-hurted-ness is to be expected
bad social media manager
and twitter isn't exactly a place known to take any sort of joke well
tru
"What'cha gon do when you get outta jail?"
"Life is a prison"
Are you a rich lad, smart lad (scholarships), or a loan lad? @Koala
yes
yes
@mannie.exe if grad school goes as planned then I'll be a govt lad
oh nice nice
special scholarship by the national science foundation in exchange for work at a govt agency
My mom has been attempting to land gov't jobs for a minute. She's looking forward to have her student loan forgiven by working there -- for a decade.
still work, still loan forgiveness
ironically learning it balls deep in a college course. Student Loans are fucking bullshit and are the single hardest form of debt to get rid of
like I don't even think bankruptcy gets it off your back
especially if they're private
Yeeep.
at least Federal loans give you more options
haha just pay for them 😃
I'm not sure if this is true, but my mom once told me about how it's possible for a dead person's student loan to still stick around for reasons.
Not just because it was co-signed by somebody else either.
I would not be god damn surprised
ye if they reanimate still in debt
I'm fortunate enough that while I am taking student loans, my parents are using them as a means to avoid paying a lump sum every semester
are your rents helping u with grad school too?
yeah, it's part of the reason why I'm going to grad school right out of undergrad
My dad is gonna retire in like 5 to 6 years
nice
and, is everything goes as hoped, I'm going to get the govt to pay for school
so my parents don't have to pay for tuition
hopefully uncle samuel doesn't cuck u on that one
in exchange for the scholarship I basically agree to intern and then work for a govt agency
so Uncle Sam gets my labor
modern slavery 🐒
I mean
I'm still gonna get paid
modern
🐒
gimme dem bananas
real modern slavery is privately owned prisons ( '<')
w o k e
internet did it's thing and sent it twice, usually I delete the copy, but not this time. He deserves double
when you search fist
Gamer
yo who here did website design?
mannie
@mannie.exe  message me when you can man i have some questions
we in here
@a ghost with purpose @timlives @Koala didja' guys see this yet?
The comments are top-notch.
I came instantly
its good
^
oml
I call bullshit
Aqua was never useful
I hate being stuck in the office
@Koala thoughts on our favorite trap?
can't go wrong with a classic pitfall, but snares are good too
Hideyoshi and Nagisa are best traps
Wait
You meant actual traps? Oof.
@a ghost with purpose He doubled cheeked up on a Thursday afternoon
This was more or less my reaction
whatchu doin with so much ass
That's the homie
@timlives  could I put a 570 I Kim's PC?
in*
It'll cut down on your heating bill
She's already got R9 380
It's literally Michael's old pc
Oh shit there's a Naruto game that's basically Dragonball Xenoverse
I'm actually tempted to get this
@Deleted User You can put what ever graphics card you want in that system
@timlives
uh
holy fuck
do not
go to walmart on the 1st of a month
yeeeeeeah
saw a 600 pound woman buying 600 pounds of groceries
I can hearing the huffing and puffing from over here
i should buy one of these weeb swords from the flea market sometime
you know, just in case
listen, I used to be a weeb sword collector in my youth
I don't recommend it
they fall apart if you even look at them wrong, let alone slicing a tree down
But Andrew
You have weeb swords
but what if its real glorious Nippon steel
@everyone WD has their 1 tb blue hdd's on sale for 60% off on amazon
Arby's wat
@Deleted User
@everyone BF1 premium is free now
For the next week
Oh wait
I just saw that @Koala  xD
😉
Mannie looks good
hes in pain
Always make sure you have a pencil
Stick your dick through it
Triwd
Won't fit
Not you ear
The pencil
Ah
Well
I think I need to go to the hospital now
@Koala  you playing the BFV beta?
Oh fuck that starts today
I will be @Deleted User
its alright
i just need to play with people that will actually repair my tank xD
@Deleted User I'll have it soon
I just made dinner lol
god damnn mimics are evolving for the modern era
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose great show really blurs the line between fan service and porn
@a ghost with purpose
I agree ^^^
Why is that saved on your computer
Why isn't it saved on yours?
well now it is
me and @Koala
isn't the accurate to the show?
probably
Yes
@Koala  you download the beta yet?
@timlives  I also have this btw
NEIN
:Gondola1:
😦
:Gondola3:
"'*that Penguin*'? ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT GRAPE-KUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!?"
people be drawin the kinkiest porn on my twitter feed
oh baby
@timlives
well Jesus is in part 7
@Demi Tarot
HOI4 End Game ISIS vehicle.
wearin' an eyepatch won't give me this
@Demi Tarot How do you know wearing an eyepatch *won't* get you that
there's no girls around here with guns that big
or firearms either
any of you nibba good with computer shiiiit
@everyone
Not me. No sir.
I'm also going to bed though. PM me or just mention me here.
@Deleted User what go wrong computer
need dude who know coding
need do coding thingy to make custom music play in game
video of subject very confusing make chuck brain hurt
Motivation is fickle, build discipline instead
Then you will have your Soviet Guards Armored divisions
@timlives
the fourth image goddamnit
gottem
:fug:
fellow redneckians
there is a game about Kentucky now
also
for you wizard dnd nibbas
idk where these bongo cat memes are coming from but I fuggin love em
My Hero Academia is just Sky High for weebs
yes, and?
@timlives  i cant remember, do you have the vive or oculus?
Oculus
ok
i might be getting one during tax season
think ill have any trouble with only a 1060 6gb?
why is kirby a person
that is against everything that is right in the world
@timlives
Diabo 3's new season comes out tonight
Anyone gonna play?
So...
I was screen sharing with my friend
and i closed discord while he was afk
i open it back up
like 20 minutes later
this nibba is watching a shemale dressed like finn from adventure time shove a dildo up his ass
I can't believe you'd just air Michael's dirty laundry like that
I mean, id expect it from michael
but this dude wasnt michael xD
and wait, if it's a shemale why did you say he ( '^')v
havin a penis don't make you a man, for example, everyone in this chat
my friend is a dude
the shemale thing had tits and a dong
was she shoving a dildo up *his* ass and watching the recording
I hope to god not
it was pornhub
he was watching a video where the person was dressed up as Finn, and was shoving a dildo up their ass. You could see nuts hanging down n errthing
hes pissed because i outed him on our milsim units discord to everyone xD
if there's anything I've learned form my years of internet, errbody a freak so why judge
is it safe to run +50% voltage on my gpu?
im trying to OC again
uh
that's a lot of extra volts
Ur such a fuggin ho :DDDD
:fug:
the ritual Andrew performs to get good RNG in diablo loot drops
my dad bought a riding lawn mower but still wants me to use the push mower because "thats not what its for" ??????????
.   ?
( '^')
(≖_≖)
Wut
@timlives  can you hop on voice chat
Life is hard when your humor is too dark and egdy to even be acceptable on a Reddit/4chan discord server made for dark humor. I got banned after an hour
rly out here
A man can't even make a kids with ass cancer joke once without getting banned :(
Just tell them your son Michael died of ass cancer
Lmfao
Well
They asked how does one eat cancer
I said they have to eat the ass of a kid with ass cancer
Instant ban.
with butter
cause cancer a crab
Duck butter
(c'^')o *snip*
(o'^')c *snip*
wow
bowsette is _real fucky_
I am being smothered in Koopa Tiddy
same
I am totes okay with this, but I gotta stop and catch my breath every 5 seconds because....god damn
it's so popular it was top trending IN JAPAN, and SEVERAL famous mangaka were doing fan art, including the author of Dragon Maid AND FUCKING BKUB OF POP TEAM EPIC FAME
along with Akiman and the guy that did Goblin Slayer
I think the manga artist for one punch man did one too
I heard someone was hoping he would, did he actually do it?
dayum
also this mess led to me doing a Princess Patty
SSJ Shaggy Verde
fuuuucc
Hi I temp rezz'd.
oooof
That bottom right pic may be construed as my asshole with Kim's fist in it.
That's a funny way of spelling Michael's fist
we all know Michael would be the fistee
he'd be both
a giant fisting circle
he assumes the role of a sock puppet so he no longer must take responsibility for his own actions
Same
:Gondola1:
this is art
read right to left
Joji is such a good musician
be careful who you call a Mongoloid
Guys
Why was 6 afraid of 7?
Because 7 8 9/11
to celebrate finishing a month of Demilings in another Discord's Sketch-a-day event
@Koala  should I delete my facebook or wut
idk
nandesuka?
FB got fucken hacked
like 50 million people's data potentially stolen hacked
why is that funny
@Koala What was hit in the data breach?
breachers stole the login tokens for 50M
oh shit
so potentially full control for 50M accounts
oh daaaamn
Even after discounting the people who know how to clear sessions, that's gonna be a shiiiit ton of accounts unless Facebook has already mass-invalidated tokens.
they can have my account
😃
so sad
hhhhhnnnnnnnn
Have you listened to "SLOW DANCING IN THE DARK" by Joji yet?
Haven't kept up on his discography since "will he" from earlier this year tbh.
@Deleted User
SLOW DANCING IN THE DARK is pretty amazing. Sounds a little like Post Malone at points.
One of the best tracks I've heard this year. Not because it's overly relatable or catchy, but because parts of it legitimately blow my mind.
YESSSSSS
ITS FUCKING AMAZING
Have you heard the new Chainsmokers album? "Sick Boy... This Feeling"?
I'm listening to the second to last song on the album and I've straight up loved everything so far.
you think that would be good enough for kims pc?
Sure. Comparable to a Wester Digital Blue 1TB.
As far as technical specifications are confirmed.
the WD blue 1 tb is actually a dollar cheaper lol
plus two day shipping with prime
o lol
Just get the WD Blue then.
Cheaper and comes quicker.
Unless you want this for some fucking reason. *ivFEQ&sourceid=01643789331433319002&affillinktype=14&veh=aff
wut
the fuck is that
yes
More expensive on both Newegg and Amazon.
so
do you think a 580 is a viable upgrade from the 380 for kim as well?
price vs performance wise?
hm
Probably? But with modern hardware, drivers, and games in mind, it's hard to say. It might just make some games playable where as a 380 is probably too far gone.
idk it might be great. It's still an X80.
those are the two cheapest options
theres also an asus one for 225
Hm. The 1080 is just double that price right. So maybe we can find you two a better GPU than the 580.
Let me have a look, if not, I'll help you select a 580 instead.
You're looking at the weird time when a new gen is juuuuust about to start rolling out
Yeah the 20XX series is supposed to be great.
or something
There is a 1GB decrease in graphical memory (3GB instead of the 580's 4GB), but I think that's easily made up for by better driver support, newer architecture and base technology, and the 23.38% clock speed increase.
@Deleted User ^
Ass Creed Odyssey is out
I had no idea
i missed those messages yesterday. oof
i heard the 2070 will be somewhere between the 1080 and 1080ti in terms of speed for a price between the 1070 and 1080. so im looking at that
but rtx line apparently only has about a 10% power increase compared to pascal.
the selling point isnt the performance increase but that lighting thingy they added
guys
Shadow Warrior 2 for free on GOG
it has 4 player coop @mannie.exe @timlives @Deleted User @Demi Tarot @a ghost with purpose
Wat
I wish I knew why I was just taken to the German GoG.
Also, let's goooooo (but not yet).
I was so confused as to why I had a notification and had no messages xD
free game
bit too pricy for my liking
fine then I'll take $15
HUH
I have obtained the very expensive, free game.
bourgeois motherfucker
FUCC that. It's clearly FREE as in FREEDOME.
I mean, FREEDUMB.
#GodBlessAmerica
no no FREEDOME is better
a little Mad Max vibe to it
humins must fight for FREEDOME
I had to click buttons. I fought the urge to collapse into a paralyzed state.
euegeh
oh
Wait
It keeps switching me between two pages when I try to get the game
why is this my sense of humor
hey now, This Old Tony is great
He is but why the fuck is that so funny
the following is orange 🔸
damnit
I wanted an actual orange but fuck me
It's all delivery
he's really good at keeping an even tone
also @timlives there's a new season of that one puppet anime you like
Thunderbolt Fantasy Sword Seekers
I know
the first episode is great
I need something to watch this season
because Golden Kamuy doesn't start til Sunday grrrr
there's a zombie anime
aaaaand it's girls
as the MCs not the zombies
well
as far as I know
JO JO PART 5
also goblin slayer
is hoho on crunchyrorr
hopefully
You guys know what I miss?
My will to live.
Bruh
I'm working this festival
And they're playing nothing but freaking country
Watched new Jojo episode
Looks neat
Roommates girlfriend walked into the apartment during the last couple minutes
Asked me if the bowl cut guy just said "I can put anything I want into your mouth"
I replied "Yes he did."
bruhhhhh
FIREEEEEE
:PepeHands: :PepeHands: :PepeHands:
🔥 🔥
@timlives @Demi Tarot
"I can't have mew dying on us again Astrid, Nyaa"
"Can you lodge that next arrow in my temple please?"
i bought kim a 1tb hdd
and i have no idea how to install it
MICHAEL WHEN YOU COMING HOME
( '^')
you what
i dont know how to make it do
you have a google
am scared
hold on to Kim's butt
she at school
yeah what's your point
cant hold butt
go to her school
bring computer
hold butt
she got the car nibba
fly
why the fucc discord always dead now
Yeah, Jared start dumping tumblr posts
michael!!!
i have an issue!!!!
@Deleted User what is it
When people call a skinny character thick because her stockings squish a little
Kim's computer sometimes turns off for no reason, and wont turn back on unless we unplug it and plug it back in
is it overheating?
no
I would have to know exactly what happens when it powers off to begin to imagine if I could even help
Ah ok lol
There are just so many things it could be it's hard to tell from just the symptoms. It's probably something stupid and easy to fix though.
@here AHHHH
what xD
crap what was that game I downloaded on GoG again?
Shadow Warrior.
that says fork knife
Correct.
Downloading Shadow Warrior 2 if anybody else wants to join.
I'll download it, dunno if I'll play tonight tho
of course his name is Darren
well damn
@a ghost with purpose
🐵
🔥
🚒
👮
🔫
☢
NIBBAS
i got escape from tarkov
and its lit
@Deleted User YEET
you play it @Koala ?
You bought it at a bit of an odd time tho, there's going to be a profile wipe very soon
lol
AND
there's supposed to be a sale in like 4 days @Deleted User
ooooof
@Deleted User glad you're enjoying it tho
its fun dude
already skull popped some full geared players
dab
my buddy killed a guy who had a scoped supressed mosin and let me have it
already gotten 4 kills with it since this morning when i got it
Mosins are definitely the low level move rn lol
that, and SKS
:dab:
i dont like the sks tbh
those are going to form the base of your loadout until you get to lvl 15
i prefer the AK-74M
more modibility
AK 74 variants are good, but you can't buy decent ammo until you get Prapor to LL2
be sure to complete quests
already working on it lol
I'm a mid-high level atm so if you need something specific I might be able to buy it for you, mainly weapon mods, and I've got a decent stash of trade goods
you able to play rn?
not atm
ah ok
@ me when you get on man and ill deff play with you
later tonight, I have dinner and then stuff to do for class
my friend and I are playing pretty actively tho, and I'll @ you
YEET
wait, USEC or BEAR?
I'm USEC
BEAR all day erryday fam
noooooo
but it doesn't matter
oh ok lol
you can group up with whoever you want lol
ah ok good
it does affect certain quests later on, like you gotta get X amount of USEC kills on Y map and so on
ahhhh ok
but early levels and quests don't need anything like that
im getting these friggin shotguns and body armor rn
the MP-153 is bae
keep those, just sell the others
Saiga shotties are good once you can mod them
the 133 is what i need for quests
That too
but you only need 3 and you can literally just buy em from Skier lol
my friend killed a scav that had a saiga with a NV scope on it lmao
lmao
like that big gray one?
thing is fucken terrible lol
Lol
Found our next D&D plot boys (and girl)
welp
fuck that game
i just lost a tri zip full of fully modded AK's and a fully modded M4, plus the AK and Mosin on me to a hacker
dude just appears in front of me, i shoot a full mag into his face at point blank range, he wiggles and tbags, then when i run away from the cargo container i was in, he starts shooting and i just drop, eve nthough he was still inside shooting with a 9mm
@timlives  YOU HAVE FUCKED UP
also was wondering when this would happen
@Deleted User
henlo
WHERE THE FUCC YOU BE @Koala
Whom'st'd've the fucc eat ass?
Michael
same
thats great
this is the best creepypasta I have ever experienced
Tarkov is fuggin gay
Lol
Get done dirty by the game?
@Deleted User
Bruh
I experienced my second speed hacker
Killed a full kitted 4 man with my MPX I pulled off of you Stefan. Or your buddy, can't remember who had it.  Was looking last body, and even though I had comtacs, some guy was able to Sprint right up on me without me hearing whatsoever. It was either that or I just got Tarkoved because of beta bs.
I had three M4's an AK, and an M1A with a thermal scope.
Plus fort armor, an opscore helmet with the fact mandibles, and a pilgrim pack.
Lmao
That's rough
Tarkov giveth, and Tarkov taketh away
Such is life
Most likely he just managed to sneak on ya
I mean I had Comm Tacs.
I should have been able to hear him. But I have been having sound glitches lately
Like earlier on factory, there was a glitch with a guys supressed M4 where the sound kept going even though he wasn't shooting, and I couldn't hear anything else.
i regret adding that emote
next campaign
:dab:
:dab:
@timlives
reminder this exists
Y'know what else exists?
Grapefruit Technique
@Koala
@timlives :gotem:
I regret making that emoji
Lmao
you regret making a lot of emojo jojos @timlives
i count at least "two"
:dab:
:kms:
:uganda:
:SquareUp:
:MurderDuck:
:BootyShake:
actually I regret that ^
:Burg: :Burg: :Burg:
:sadcat:
:hyperbruh:
:wtfb:
:OHHSweat:
did you buy discord nitro  or some shit
Maybe
Hey, we get a lot of mileage out of your emojis
:Popotao:
:FeelsMilkMan:
:graphFeelsGoodMan:
:wingL: :retard: :wingR:
:icum:
:highIQ:
:pickleRIIIIICK:
:Stap:
:cactuar:
:sayori:
@mannie.exe can you ban chuck
:no_u:
Gottem
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
:pressf:
:PepeShoot:
Michael got that :Booty:
:Pog:
:PorG:
:Todd:
:vincekek:
:wow:
:prison:
:ahegao:
idk man _can_ we even ban _anybody_? @timlives
just look at all these mexicans and guatamalans
it's okay though
i'm gonna hang out with this weird black guy and make shitty music on a Casio
truly i just yearn for a good old michael though
aka i wish that fucking hurricane would just swerve and swooce right up through southwestern Ohio and fuck my shit up already
I prefer my shit unfucked, tyvm
@timlives
well are you?
Lol no u fgt
listen here homo
Go read Dungeon Meshi
I'm reading Komi-san right now
@Demi Tarot
It's so good
so wholesome
I've seen bits
it cute
I looked it up after seeing posts using it on /r/animemes
I'm really enjoying it
😛
🥔
:NiggaWhat:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
:hyperbruh:
:gotem:
:SquareUp:
:agamemnonbr:
:PeepoDance2:
:weeb:
:rave:
:miko:
:Cooldog:
:PeepoDance:
:PeepoHyped:
did you buy nitro?
yes he did. hes got a meme problem 😒
Yee
:uganda:
:uganda: :uganda: :uganda:
i probably would have too but i am paying for WoW and I'm only allowed one monthly expenditure 😛
Oof
The ole ball and chain
I feel
:FeelsSadMan:
monka
I just bought overwatch again
hello darkness my old friend
everything you knew is now wrong
:ahhh:
@timlives did you get the Stanley Parable achievement?
[0]=68.ARCucDhB_VkjtfDK4Kq-kFTooOP3UXKk6Rkba2Ucv_93rfHefqSl3Qgks2JJcAjbN245CJCFHevQwtDY9379FvFEmTzGEjkdee3x8UAI0f4c9_l5Zjkmcgzn4_qw1Cdqq8MAuPOF3gRPYIRKhx7xg9p1OuyNHBXowTC-VtiNZEWfg4wxdALHoM38o549GL852sWDi1zuy2DEq2-Lo8LyvLxJ9PAus1hUsQSJBnnX&__tn__=FC-R
@Trin
Nigguh
What kinda medicine should i take to get rid of poison ivy
Like OTC stuff
Calamine Lotion
Can't put calamine lotion on my nuts bruv
Any like pill type medicine?
why can't you put lotion on your nuts bruh
Why did you put those in poison ivy?
@Koala I have a little more than a week before i can get it
And then you can finally play the game lol
appreciate my puns
Appreciated.
Hey kola. I love you
That big ghey love
Neat
:kms:
How's EFT treating you
Haven't played it in like 3 days
I swear reddit is either fucking haunted or they were expecting me, because I broke down and made an account and it automatically subscribed me to r/Animemes and r/Osugame.
Lmao
Man Jojo pt5’s ending theme is hella whiplash inducing
why the fucc no one ever in voice chat now
Because these nerds don't follow coherent daily schedules (~'^')~
And I'm always doing something else
same
@everyone  Maple Story 2?
Why is this in my discovery queue
me messaging stphen
flip the zero two pics and you've got it
:dab:
so apparently homosexual prostitution is legal in Japan because they don't consider homosexual relations to be "true" sexual conduct. So there you have it. Traps are ain't gay *by law*
Yeet
this looks like a LISA character
yeet yeet im a skeeet
_Elves_
You ready to sell whatever remains of your soul yet, Jared
this isn't new to me, ask Andrew
...have you drawn an obese skunk?
yes
did she pay well
yes
that's good
like my standards of what I won't draw are pretty small, but no one I know's really asked
okay, I'll bite
What _won't_ you draw?
scat and watersports are a no-go,
Yeah I'd say that's pretty reasonable
you know what they say
bidness is bidness
the new soul calibur seems great
...is that a real price?
I dont think those are American Dollars?
Might be pesos
Might be dirty foreigner money
Amazon recommended that light novel Jared posted and yeah that price is in USD
lmao
so you bought it rite
Bruh
Im sad and lonely niggas
I need friends to talk to in VC!!!
okay
get in here
:gotem:
@timlives
Lads, I miss D&D
same
also @Koala  fuck you
@timlives :gotem:
:fug:
welp, I don't trust myself to DM shite
same
Dnd would be cool but I don't have time
I can make time to play but I don't think I could manage enough time to prepare to dm
I've had ideas, but usually the execution crumbles, usually in terms of map making
suppose I'll just have you all quest in abstract voids
forgotten realms, abstract void same thing
GUYS
IM ABOUT TO DO SEX ON A WOMAN
no dungeons, so I suppose I'll just add more dragons to compensate
WITH CAT EARS
you have cat ears or she has cat ears
Was just about to say
It's her not me xD
I'm living every weebs dream. Suck it nerds
I would love to play dragons & dragons
Michael you got the cat ears I sent you right?
:rolf:
what
I'm stealing that
Also nothing Michael NVM xD
Michael isn't a woman no matter how many times you dress him as one
Listen
If I shave hit butthole
His*
It will feel the same
Actually
Kim never shaves her bhole
was considering something either fairly classical in fantasy terms
or doing something Wonder related again, but not a one-shot
So it'd be about the same
I would be down to play either of those
Oof :(
classic thing, not sure yet
Wonder thing would either involve a reprise of another campaign I attempted a while back, "The Cursed Princess"
or one involving a Fasolati village uncovering a set of ruins while excavating around, and sending some adventurers to check the place out
yeah just let me know if and when you decide to play
who else would we play with, mannie is dead, andrew is a pro streamer, mike disappeared, and stefen is gay.
Fuck me I guess
still thats two people
I'd assumed the pungent odor of Dangans and Durgons would summon NuMike once again and possible Jade by extension
Is it DnD?
If so, Kim might join as well
yeah
if I'm getting new people, might be best I stick with something close to standard. Having to explain all my bullshit on top of the rules would likely be an overload
Yeah I feel
I guess since ideas are still vague atm, the go to for planning is to see what the players want, but if you have no real experience hard to say
just watch 🇩 unkey
crossing 3 memes
:OMEGALUL:
god damnit
heard y'all were talkin about d&d
:leonLARRY:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
you got some kinda idea brewin, Mandrew?
Why does the fuzzy penis have eyes, ears, a mouth, and nose?
yoursr doesn't?
Only when I make it talk
Yknow
Just like
Turn it sideways and it's like a Pacman mouth
Wacacacacacaca
I forgot the other W's
Kms
Elon Musk "I'm actually a cat girl here's a selfie"
\*posts a picture of a *FUCKING WEREWOLF* TOUHOU\*
( 'A') I MAD
DON'T YOU *DARE* CRITICIZE ELON-CHAN
DO YOU WANT GENETICALLY ENGINEERED CAT GIRLS OR NOT
PROBABLY NOT FROM ELON MUSK, SINCE HE'S APPARENTLY NEVER SEEN A CAT BEFORE
@timlives  did u see soulcaliber is adding 2b
really, that's cool
its pretty cool
damn sc6 looks so good
Nah
ye its pretty good
Nah
prob my favorite weeb fighter
Play a real game
Like
chuck i will ban your ignorant ass right now
stfu
😃
fortnut
FORKNIFE BEST GAME 2K18
k
SC is aight
I think I had 5 on the 360
@a ghost with purpose Did you ever watch Castlevaina on Netflix
no
is it hotsauce
It is
But there's only like 4 episodes
Season 2 came out and it is very good
Also @Koala fuk you
@timlives :gotem:
Oh damn I can watch season 2 then
There is this fight scene where the music that plays is a orchestral version of bloody tears
That sounds metal as fuck
Wait nigga what
The fucc is my name?
REEEEE
:NoNormies:
:uganda:
so you're not a potato (mashed)
No.
Stewed
:dab: :dab: :dab:
well I just finished Castlevania Season 2
Hoooooooooleeeeeeeee shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
also SC isn't considered a Weeb Fighter
Weeb Fighters are stuff like Blazblue, Guilty Gear, Persona 4 Arena, Under-Night in-Birth, Princess Vanguard, and other anime lookin shit
Narutus
And Shonen Jump Superstars or w/e it was called?
well if it's an actual anime that's expected
Also nibbas join VC I'm booored
but eugh  that new Shonen Jump fighter looks gross
Mine and michaels friend tyler had one on ps4 i think
idk which one it was
someone made me in miitopia
a
e
something somethng Stephan to new people in the chat
Yup
ye
@timlives
got
:uganda:
Me rn
Generation Kill is so fucking good
But the episodes are an hour long
it is
probably one of my favorite series
That and Band of Brothers
This fucking Lieutenant they call Captain America makes me want to fucking kill myself
He's literally retarded and not fit to lead.
I've seen 15 year olds in my milsim unit do better
"my favourite lore in dark souls is that Tarkus conquered an absolute death trap of a fortress that no one thought was possible to get through all on his own and then immediately slipped off some rafters and died"
Yeah that's an actual Captain
Oh is he?
No one is really memorable
yeah, not even an LT
I think they made it that way TBH. Because the show is a whole political thing.
Well it's from the perspective of the reporter, so you get him and the guys he was with
because the show was made based off of the article that the Rolling Stone reporter wrote
Ah I didn't even know that
Just got tired of hearing vets brag about how real it was and decided to finally watch it.
Deff worth 7 hours of my time.
definitely
Oh god
I'm still awake watching this
And I have to be at work at 7:30
UPS is a fucking joke
or fedex. whoever delivered those sata cables @timlives
they literally set the package down outside my door instead of in the box, rang the doorbell, and walked off
instead of waiting to see if anyone was actually home to get the package
they just left it there
if i hadnt been home, literally anyone could have stolen it
like what the fuck
disgraceful
reminder there is an Isekai where ~~Putin~~ The President of Russia ends up in a fantasy world
@Koala
I'll take 2
You niggas seen the New California mod for New Vegas yet?
I'm tryna download it now.
Yee
I'm literally retarded when it comes to manually downloading mods tho
I'm pretty sure you can just use Nexus
And their mod manager
I already fucked up my vortex manager
Because I fucked up the files and can't find them
fookin, laptop restarted so I lost my notes. Thankfully I wasn't in deep
Guys
I got more emotes
:CKjakeDance:
:GWjiangoPenguDab:
:alickR: :CKfinnAhhhGif: :alickL:
It's so perfect
@Demi Tarot Waluigi Undertale 2 confirmed
Climton
Did he play the trumpet on day time television?
the man on the right is Kurt Russel,  the guy on the left is his stunt double, and you will never guess this man's amazing name
***DICK WARLOCK***
***WAR DICKLOCK***
latest commission?
yup
looks great
@Koala I swear some of your moms comments on fb are reddit worthy
not sure which sub
lmao
oldpeoplefacebook, probably
Wut
lmao
have you talked to her about it
no
me and the boys about to fuck shit up
"OwO"
there is no OwO
only **0**
OwO
looking into that Undertale thing, the uh, warning, said for my public safety not to discuss it for 24 hours
and to accept everything that happens ( '^')
Eyyy Stephan.
I got it to work
Kinda work I mean
It crashes A LOT
That took longer than I expected
i would buy that
Me with Donald Glover. Deadass.
I don't think he'd hesitate
No I would hesitate tho :(
I love him so much :(
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
same
did you check the Deltarune thing?
no
it was neat
HALLOWEEN OVER! TME FOR PADORU
@everyone wake me up
Please
Send tiddy
I'm so god damn tired btw
Go to bed.
Wow I'm swerving hah
Hehe
I cant
TUMMY FUCKING HURT
No really the lines are blurry
Fortunately no cops on rpure.
Mannie don't drink and drive. Or get high and drive.
Of course.
Mannie you're Indian. Don't drive in general.
Pssu.
Never.
Red light.
Where the fucks your carpet mate?
Aladdin is middle Eastern you bb fuck.
Hahaha
SAME THING
#swervw
Oh c door
Either
Wow
Haha
The
India is like, middle East without the death and oil right?
And more elephants
Yeah
No
Yes
But no to
Hotline bling
Less elephants?
On rest
Reading
Ready
Real reason
Radio
Bears
Beets
Battlestar Galactica
So happy
Hey to die
Get
*
:feelscringeman:
Ayyy
Got some cigs finally.
24/7 UDF ftw
eyyy @Koala
theres apparently a starship troopers mod for Squad
oi, @timlives did you want to Civ this weekend?
yeah we can
Oooo
Civ
you guys know of any torrent sites still up?
because both kickass torrents and pirate bay are down
I use rarbg.to
It's pretty reliable, but probably doesn't have the same amount of content as TPB or kickass does
You can find the new popular stuff just fine tho
I found a tpb site
And torrented SAO Fatal Bullet lol
It's so fun
But the controls are kinda weird
As well as the fps drops in cut scenes
been playing Yakuza 0
it's just a fun time all around
when y'all wanna civ and do you wanna do 5 or 6
when ever is fine with me
anyone else want in/add some input
I only have 5 if I play
What time y'all gonna start
that's what we're trying to figure out
Because I wanna play more SAO after work for a bit
I'm down for it tbh
I wish you guys had HOI4 tbh
Because it's so much fun lol
Especially with the fallout mod
I'mma shower and maybe find a food, then we can figure out when to start
I get home about 4pm
So maybe like 5-6 would be good for me
that works
you up for some V at 5, @Koala
sorry but I'm gonna be busy tonight
there's a friend from out of town coming to visit
Free destiny 2 @everyone
Destiny 2 free for a limited time
In case you want another place to look for torrents, try  -- it's a torrent aggregator so it can usually find something if it exists on any other mainstream torrent site. @everyone
@Deleted User thanks
No prob
Wanna play this weekend?
Also thanks @mannie.exe
I might give it a DL and check it out
soon
WHO IS READY
FOR SOME HIGH ACTION
OVER THE TOP
SITTING ON OUR ASSES FOR HOURS
POSSIBLY WITH BOOZE
can you wait a bit I want to go eat dinner
sure sure just tell me when you get back
okay
I poured too much vodka into my first drink and I'm afraid to take a drink
it buuuuuuuuuuuurns
don't be a biiiiiitch
drink everclear instead
I'll take my overpowered fruit drinks thank you
if I wanted to drink pure liquid corn I'm sure they have plenty of it in cans
@Deleted User you reggie
Gimme like 5 minutes
:jojoThonk:
:aHyperDeku:
:wakaPlsNo:
:WanTriggered:
:WanWanner:
:YuKaRi:
:WanWag:
:OrinPls:
:OkuuSpin:
:OkuuPls:
:nyanPls:
:HyperTenshi:
:CirDabbing:
:angery_remi:
:AWAAA:
:HeadLess:
:GWactionRemiLoli:
:GWactionDrunkLoli:
:YukariSmug:
you blokes about?
Those crocks didn't have the meta tarsal protection, that's why
4Head HELLO DIABLO FANS? 📞  4Head BLIZZARD HERE  📞  4Head DONT YOU HAVE A PHONE?  📞  4Head
>go to work on commission at my laptop
>no pen pressure
oh right, that's why I've been sitting over *here* all day
@timlives @Demi Tarot  really need u guys
to watch this
and tell me
jst tell me how you feel.
I have no strong feelings one way or the other on the song, but that Akali is prime aesthetic
basically this
yeah that ^
honestly this is just par for the course for Riot being able to in house produce decent music
Riot Games is my favorite Record Company
this post got better
best dnd campaign
wow, so when Wii Fit Trainer was striking a yoga pose before getting blasted, that was actually her up-smash and she was trying to abuse an i-frame to dodge the laser. god damn
That music video was pretty cool
Was fun to watch while I pooped
I'm going to ignore what you just said and post this horrific thing instead
@timlives
Boi
@Koala go fuck your self
I vote we ban stephan
same
I vote that Michael
:gotem:
Fucken leaves because I've got em so many times
:PepoNinja:
:aSexyOfficer:
I can't find that damn berserk comic of Griffit doing the hand
I'm so sad
when do we resume Civic Duty V
I think all today's work is out of the way if we can do stuff (v'^')v
experimeting with shading
Me: Please God, Can today just be nice an--

Me: **k.**
that misses the joooooooooooooooooooooke
same
did you eat the stump salsa or make Railes eat it?
i ate it
Wtf
you recovered something....it wasn't hp but it was something
Game Idea #2564 :Diablo, but instead of selecting a set character design you can customize their appearance to be many types of cute anime girl...or men if you're into that
@timlives
Who wants to see a cockroach kick the *shit* out of an ant?
Yes
Aasasa I need something to work on
draw a little money with a big finger
I'd gun you down in the streets if that didn't preclude the impossible happenstance of us both leaving the house
Heh
Michael when is your Thanksgiving break nibba
how much are your sketches jared ?
Thanksgiving
:facepalm:
basic ass sketches are usually 6ish cause Ko-Fi goes in increments of 3
okay I'll take a basic sketch of a little monkey with a big finger
Hmm.
I really want a random ass meme sketch now
Tbfh
done
Got it. I get paid tomorrow and I know what I shall request.
Jared how much for an anime catgirl eating a banana semi lewdly?
as a sketch or like, an actual clean piece?
Hmmm
Clean piece. I wanna set it as my PC background
15 for monochrome, 30 for full color
What is monochrome? Lol
are you stupid
...
Lines and shading, could just say Black and White, but if you're feeling saucy I could have it be blue or red or something
Ill go with monochrome. But before anything, can I usw my debit card on that site?
it goes through paypal, so yeah
Oof nvm
PayPal says I don't exist
how and why
I've tried half a dozen times to make an account and it keeps saying it can't verify me
is this Finejoubu
yeah that perfect
arigatou gozaimuch, my tomodudechi
O.o
That's really cool tbfh
hehehe
that looks like a doggy red rocket
no, not like this thank you
good
ahh!! you got me good
good job
hawt
@timlives
>RPG About a Witch who summons monsters to do the fighting for her
or
>RPG that's based on the Largemen Rising plot, except not fucking retarded
I don't think the second one can be anything but retarded
I meant more keeping the plot where the main villain is an ancient weapon built with good intentions that backfired
because it was supposed to activate in times of crisis, and deactivate when not needed, but due to fear of being shut down it became a crisis to keep itself alive
that sound good. what would there other one be about. cause it sounds like pokemon but with hwiches instead of trainers
not sure exactly, but the whole summoning deal if just gonna be a thing the MC does, you don't just have witches all over the place trying to be a masta
but I'd imagine each monster has different XP curves and level caps and stuff, but you could upgrade some of them, or trade them off
and they'd have traits that help for exploring outside of battle, like smashing barriers, or flying across gaps
it still kinda sounds like pokemon
SMT did it first ya cuck ( 'A')9
you also make them instead recruiting them or capturing them most times
fair
You have any preferences?
not really. ether are fine
heck
how dare you make me read that
how dare you make me weeb that
@Demi Tarot  game engine wise godot feels really nice. much better than love
so if we make one it will probably be in that
I want one
^^^^
Yes
HASHIRE SORI YO
KAZE NO YOU NI
TSUKIMIHARA WO
***PADORU PADORU~***
[Padoru intensifies]
Wut
Is it "Dashing thru the snow" but in Japanese or something?
it's to the tune, but it's something unrelated, I forgot the translation
Ah okay
it's like, I'm going to run as fast as the wind Tsukimihara, Paddle Paddle~
so apparently Rob got cursed into the form of a Bird
classic image
No OP is not okay OP has insomnia
@timlives It's not a gottem I swear
oh my
hey check out my new favorite video game
Ard of Leg
yes
Oh man, remember this? @Koala
Yee @mannie.exe
so im eating taco bell and listening to despacito to feel more in tune with the plight of the hispanics
Mood
Big mood
my headset lied to me about being sync'd once moment
me
dear no
"How's the sauce?
Pretty thicc."
@Demi Tarot
So Goblin Slayer is really just a derailed D&D campaign that the DM is trying to get back on track
Every episode I watch is just reinforcing this thesis
you guys hear that Stan Lee is kill?
Yea
infinite saddo
What kind of jackass has to resort to blackmail to be able to shitpost
That said
Damn
He's good
I'm so mad
when you're excited but on a budget
god damn, apparently the person who worked on KDA Akali for Riot was overworked an promised promotions and a raise, and then got fired before the release party even rolled around
and the video wasn't in-house they just didn't credit the animators
Riot is fucking dog shit anyways
So
whenever I slap together a new commission ad
Me irl
@timlives You might like this vid
*BEGONE*
***THOT***
Did you guys know when a zombie gets struck by lighting they glow blue, their voices be come robotic, and they get finger lasers
...Maybe
cause I fucking didn't
speak of the devil
also I found **POWER STANCE**
<> They went all out on *that* dance in part 5, embed disable if for some reason you don't want it's majesty spoiled before you watch the episode, assuming you haven't already
I guess I'll see it when I watch the episode tonight
I must confess, despite it being no-nut november, I......ate a shit ton of almonds, as well as peanut butter. I'm sorry if I let you all down
Gats
Where do I know that name from - ohhhhh
oh yeah he did do some art for CoC way back when.
and he made Towergirls
I know him from TiTS
same thing. Never really seen TiTS, but I know it's p much Sci-Fi CoC, right?
Yup
I know him from pizza thot
that's his recent thing, making a game out of it too I think
he also worked on something called Monolighter but  don't know much about it
oh that's cool
Even though nothing is moving, what is the illusion of movement for you? Sphere traveling through torus, or torus rotating while sphere stays still?
both sometimes, apparently how fast this thing "moves" is supposed to relate to how stressed or tired you are
I _exclusivley_ see the torus spinning now.
have you ate your vegetables today?
AGHHHHHHH
At some point, you'll be able to filter all messages by me to reveal that 10-20% of the messages I've ever sent were just guttural roars with no prompt or no continuing thought afterwards.
Yarp.
E
KO
NO
wot
do u do
with a dunkin
dinger
beat it
:gachiGASM:
we ran out of hay, so Mom let the boys out to graze too, which turned out to be a colossal pain in the ass since even though we managed to keep the boys (the OG's since the male babies were never removed from the girl's pen) out of the pen, the one that was the biggest asshole completely ignored us offering him food so he could creep outside the girl's pen and make sounds at them. Had to drag him down on a leash, and the fucker headbutt me and tried to bite me.
that's a rock solid cartoon there
makes me rock solid as well
Dwayne Johnson
when you get attacked by moe roaches
next D&D character
Lorem Ipsum - A quiet young lady who fills temporary spots in various parties and groups.
I enjoy this trillizard666 lad
I keep seeing him mentioned but I have no idea what the deal with him is
but everytime something related to him shows up people just keep yelling KUNG POW PENIS over and over
idk
but you've shared some of his tweets before
i follow him now
that last pic is wokey-tokey
lessee if my desktop is more stable
wait that actually happened?
Tumblr got booted from the App Store for being garbage about spam?
oh shit you're fucking right
that was good
the tamblr situation
Who's a magnificent creature, the artist or the subject?
I can't wait until the next episode.
ruh
heck
Progress
👌
PyxelEdit's got the essentials I need without being complex, but the lack of a select tool and layer opacity makes things a bit trickier to set up
_unce unce unce unce unce_
i need to dual-wield cigarettes in my nose again -- could you get me that picture again? @timlives
@mannie.exe  I think its on my old phone I get it to you while I'm home for thanksgiving
ahhh
_fuck_
It be like that tho
alternate reality where Burgundy didn't manage to kill the crocodile and instead had to rely on her charisma to become their queen
what do you call a Central American excavation site for explosives?
a Mayan mine mine ( 'u')
Whomst that
Darkness?
Wait
if it was Darkness it'd look like DARKNESS
and probably be drooling in a compromising position
this is Samantha, the gloomy protag of yet another game attempt
Kinda looks like Darkness tho
ooooo she has a body suit under armor and a ponytail \\( '^')/
Darkness doesn't have freckles or hair waves ( 'A')
But *kinda*
See
*kinda*
like how you *kinda* look like Andrew because you have skin and two eyes
Yup
Don't forget glasses
god do I even know anyone who doesn't wear glasses? it's so weird to think about
my Dad uses reading glasses sometimes but I don't think that counts
we must padoru
HASHIRE SORE YO
*KAZE NO YOU NI*
**TSUKIMIHARA WO**
***P A D O R U   P A D O R U**
**_RA- RA- RASPUTIN_**
So like, what the _fuck_ is World of Light? @Demi Tarot
nvm I figured it out
No, but like, what the fuck _is_ World of Light?
Okay nvm figured that out too.
an average thursday for Kirby
👍👍👍
Have hands.
I like an average thirsty Kirby
yikes
y'all mind if I
no can i join
} '^'}
}'^'  }
idea: romance story about a deer girl called "I Need that Doe."
Make a VN and put it on steam
Btw happy Thanksgiving you nerds
I'm thankful for all of you
I'm thankful that stven is still a faggot
I'm thankful that I have a server full of fagets to dick around with
I too
am one
of
henlo frends
hello meme
@timlives nibba you in town?
michael IS the gat dang town
You seem like somebody who'd know and like shoegaze. Here is 🇩🇰:  @Demi Tarot
v( '<')v
Didja' LIKE IT
Try this:  @Demi Tarot
:fug:
I do like ghost data tho
Oh _shit_.
DAYUM.
I like "White Rabbit."
same
I don't think I've heard everything from them though. 👏👏
forgot the other song of their's I liked was
Uhhh
"Astral Projection"
??
Also, do you like Port-a-Potty Robindad aka Porter Robinson (hi @timlives )
don't think I've heard of'em
OH, the other sng was black lotus
Oh! I like _Black Lotus_ as well.
It's dark and polygonal.
Does this make me a traitor? @Koala
lol
maybe
Dad pls @timlives
You fucks know about this?  @here
They sold a 2015 Ford Fiesta with 25k on it for less than **$100** dollars.
_fuck_
What
That's Cards Against Humanity.
Previously, they were selling knock-off Pringles called "Prongles."
Lol they sold a 20 dollar bill
Apparently they were better.
At 99% off.
They also sold a $100 bill for $1.
currently it's a geriatric medical doll
Yeeeep.
This is _fucking surreal_.
Where am I rn?
Where are my hands?
at home
on your keyboard
probably
how dare you assume my geographical location
you fucking ~~unilateral~~ _it's sea wave bitches_ punk
>implying
_>fucking imps_
_>but like, "fuck imps," not literally "fucking imps" -- ya' know?_
...
```
Signed "Mean Girls" Poster
$799.00
$7.99
```
**????????**
**¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿**
I almost bought the last item
That chair thing
OMG
They had the fucking Emperor?!
I'm so mad.
I _actually_ would have gotten it.
And put it _NOWHERE_, because I like in apartments and I'm poor.
2big
@timlives we need you to get the hot dog stand
hoooly shit
@Koala  you seen The Pacific?
Like Band of Brothers but based on the Marines in the Pacific
Ye
I'm watching it rn and it's really good
Seems a lot darker too
It's different from BoB
I mean it's made and directed by the same people
Because it's based largely off of Eugene Sledge's memoir of his time in the Pacific
Yea
Instead of the accounts of a whole unit
Yeah it seems like based on a small handful of guys
Leckie, Basilone, and Sledge
Yep
What's bernthals guys name?
I think he's John Basilone, right?
Nah it was Manny or something I think
Oh ok
Idk
I'm on episode 2 so I've not gotten the names to the faces yet
@timlives nvm get bouncy ship
I wish Michael would answer already xD I need to see him before he goes back to NKU
Go eat his ass
I'mma have to lol
Oof Bernthals guy just died
spoilers
MANNIE YOU WONT EVEN WATCH IT
lel
what the _fucc_
_a 20-foot yurt_
who even is a do the yurt huuUUh?
Live
Holy _FUCK_
The last (?) item.
I've been too high for this whole-ass Black Friday.
This has been a real, Black Frieday.
What even
@Demi Tarot
@timlives  when do you leave to go back to school?
tomorrow
@Deleted User
Ah ok wanna come over in a bit?
I'll give you those cords and feed you plus you can install Kim's HDD
@timlives
you would have to come pick me up
@Deleted User
Sure thing
Lemme finish this match and I'll head over. Gimme about 30 minutes
okay
mood
Watching Michael try to help build a Rick and Morty Lego type set is fucking wild
niggas
check that shit
@everyone
@Deleted User go with that one, or this one
they're virtually the same, this one is a touch (like a few millimeters only) in size and has a slightly higher clock speed
@timlives
when I'm trying to run someone through a damn tutorial and they use me as a platform
nerds
(   ‾̀◡‾́)
unce
??? @timlives
anyone wanna discuss Nechronica related thinguses?
we can
@mannie.exe  what the fuck
my hir got tangled in my headset with 0 effort on my part
I have had that happen
I've had it happen many times
i
actualyl roll20 has sheets now hot damn
ey
"weebos"
Stolen from r/boottoobig i can't allow it to be lost
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
@timlives
you can fuck off
❤
:gotem: @timlives
stealin mah fookin joke
😱          🥚🌿
I didn't steal it, I just turned towards a specific target
it's called subtlety ( 'A')9
unlike *some* people I respect Michael enough to trust he'll notice and get pissed off at my dumb shitposts on his own ( '^')
yeah jared got me but steven is a faggot
it's been a hot minute since I've drawn Lotte though
I respect Mikl I just want him to *know* it
Fuk u Mikl
no u
**no u**
woah there
*my man*
almost got me
👌
hnnnuuuuaaaarrgggGGGGHHHHHH
okay, I scribbled one rough attempt at the little ( @ )3 dudes, and already feel on the verge of an anxiety attack for no reason, then phones started ringing, and dogs started barking and AAAAAAAAAAAA HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO FUNCTION ( 'A')
DEPLOY EMERGENCY ANIME GIRL
hey man
Igneel didn't have many anemones
This is my exact experience playing Yakuza 0
I HATH MADE A MEME
o o f
bro
is this a creepy pasta?
**_c u r s e d     i m a g e ¿ ¿ ¿ »_**
that's fucking gooood
@timlives
"i must bleep but i have no bloop"
- this nigga, 🤖
:taco:
I found Jesus in this video (and in the mirror)
mogeko castle ( ^o^)
@Demi Tarot @JadedThrasher
E
4:20blazeit
booted up NepNep to finally beat it, only to realize I literally stopped at the last boss
SO, now I can move on to NepNep2
mmdank my dude
go do a party really quick
I'd hop in the call but I feel the download will make me EVEN MORE ROBIT
9 minutes to Nep2une
Take me with you
Even though you we know you caaaan't
wew baaayuhbeeee
_yeeaah_
so um
im playing HOI4
and
basically I took over russia, italy, and germany.
AS BRAZIL
also japan never attacked the US because they spent 5 years fighting china
so the US stayed neutral
oh and Italy and Germany surrendered in 1942 for some reason. Germany also never broke to pact with the USSR so the commies were still the enemy when they surrendered. So me as brazil, france, and the UK invaded russia and took it over.
I love this game's writing sometimes
woa
boa
volume warning
Woah...
Is it closer to the weekend yet Manman
Also the person who voices Tifa in FF7 Abridged voices the playstation girl in this game
Got damn it the special forces if xbox land is RRoD
REEEEE
that was something
too much effort was put into that
E
fugg
im gonna go sleep actually
:GWjiangoNoice:
oi, non Mikkle zombois, yu want to creat ur churs?
that is to say, @mannie.exe  und @a ghost with purpose
no
createn't
aight
Also, I've un-ironically started saying "learnt" when somebody calls my attention and says something in text.
Freaky.
frends pls
@everyone
am lonely
How I feel about @timlives pretty much all the time.
Jesus Christ, Jontron finally posted after 11 months
and it's a Flex Seal Sequel
I'll take it
he's back
Happy Birthday to me. @everyone
burf
HAPBIRF MANE
wai
wainaut
Tumblr shot itself in both feet and fell down the stairs
4 @timlives ^^^^
can some one help me turn the two pages of this paper I'm writing into four
I wish that would be enough
that's good thanks
i got you dog
unfortunately none of that helps
One this isn't an english paper so half of that stuff doesn't matter
Two  the only requirements for this paper is its 5 pages including references and about a bridge
quote bridge builders
he might not like two pages of quotes
draw a dinosaur
he should have thought of that before he became a college professor then.
yhelp
What the fuck is going on
robots
stephan has peered out from his rock
and he is afraid
ow
Me and Kim gonna have to get outta bell county i swesr
Swear*
Do it
Bet
come up here
I already have a roommate, and @timlives wants @Demi Tarot to come up here too.
duh
Mannie i would live with you in a heartbeat man @mannie.exe
we could smoke hella devils lettuce
how close do you live to town, and what's the rent
I live in West Chester which is a 28~ minute drive to Cincinnati, OH. If we move in together, I'd recommending renting or leasing a house closer to Cincinnati/NKU. Being closer to NKU would help @timlives, and it'll also put us in toe with Cincy + surrounding area. The rent depends on where we look for a place + how many people we'd be looking to accommodate.
was gonna say if it's close enough to civilization I could probably grab a basic job, and if not could probably rustle up about 200 a month with commission money, don't mind doing extra on house work to make up for it.
though uh, can any of us cook? I dn't think we can all live off pizza rolls and ramen before dying of malnutrition
I can do a good breakfast, and if @a ghost with purpose comes with, we have a good meal for the night -- probably.
And yes. Civilization is definitely something I'm considering. Living closer to the city would give us access to public transportation and local jobs.
Which I'm definitely going to need one of, at least.
I'm being screamed at by goats, it's not 5 yet you spoiled bastards ( 'A')9
A goat can't time.
It just knows.
they know well enough to wander off and always be back at the same time to scream outside my window
_**BLEAAAAT**_ my dude
because I somehow got duped into full on goat duty when normally mom would have to ask me to occassionaly feed one
one set rather
bah its cold and snowy, hate
Also! @deleted-role... did you know Wind Chime is an uncredited artist on one of the new Chainsmokers album? Check it out. He sings during the build-up.
Personally, I find the performance on the second chorus much more dynamic.
are we getting a place
im down
I need to stockpile more art money, which isn't going as well as it had been
especially with tumblr crashing and burning
Working on it. @a ghost with purpose
Current, possibly occupants include:
@mannie.exe
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose
@Demi Tarot
@Deleted User (as well as @Kimmycub?)
no jurd?
o
fix'd
o
good 😃
so 5 with a bundle +1
Mhm. I'm thinking @Deleted User and @Kimmycub, and @timlives would want their own rooms, at least. That's 2+ a variable amount of rooms based on how the rest of us are willing to manage.
4-5 rooms?
I kinda need my own room for streaming also
@Demi Tarot more opportunities for getting accounting experience in this area as well
True.
I'm down to bunk with @Demi Tarot, but I think I'd need my own space as well as Jared.
That's five rooms.
Get one 9×9 Alaska King size bed
Hmm
Yall will fit
cram me in an attic
Theoretically manageable with six people.
or a walk in closet
pretty sure we're all broke af so we need to keep rent low
We could find a place with an attic or a basement, yeah.
like 200-250 ea i guess
idk if that works for everyone
Hmm
Well
First
We need jobs
^^^
im good
😃
ye ye mr. mcstreamer
Like, deadass, we would all need jobs first. Nothing worse than moving somewhere only to not be able to find employment
if I could keep business steady 200 isn't too much, and moving wouldn't hurt that
*cough cough* me ND Kim moving to georgia
but it isn't steady
Yeah I feel
Well, with moving like this, what we need is savings so that we have time to look for local jobs.
I HAVE NO DISCERNIBLE SKILL OR TALENTS THO
kkona clap minimum wage job
of course you do you have a brain do eeet
Yeet
Mannie
I had a stroke reading that
Just don't get addicted to heroin
I got like 450 in the bank
shit
that was part of the plan kola
it'll be a while
@Koala  *
what is a while
shill me god damn it ( 'A')
Look for accounting work Jared
You gotta degree
because not getting a degree wasn't an option
oi get on voice
Nou
do it
I'm on the bus
Gimme 10
kk
imma go watch more youtube
oh shit
tamblo
!smug
we back
got a Justine from a charity art drive thing
they were raising money for the AFSP after a friend of our's took his life last week, so I thought of no better request than Justine, the Big Sis Paladin. She was very much his type.
oh wow
Sorry to hear that, and amazing tribute.
they managed to raise just under 2000 dollars last I checked
damn
my reference picture cut of above the thigh hence the stirrup thigh highs ~~notthati'mcomplaining~~
jokes on you trading worthless paper for worthless paper means nothing of value was lost
yote
this bitch was always empty
If I wrote a feature for you on a song, will you rap/sing? @a ghost with purpose
potentially
we officially have a proper BGM hell yeah
(o>0<)9 AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
number
i broke my scroll wheel lmao
fml
hi hello this is me? @timlives
hello again
ALso JAreD @Demi Tarot
**_THIS IS YOUR CALLING BROTHER_**
**_WITH TUMBLR DEAD, RISE AGAIN_**
pander to a new audience? idk it might work
I draw other things than porn
It'll get your foot in the door! And in other places!
pornhub isn't really weeb crowd
borrowing this for another chat
idk PHUB is kinda' meta?
nah
"I know what to do"
ye i dont think pornhub is gonna be the future home
of tumblr refuges
no one goes there to discuss things and look for artists to throw money at
@a ghost with purpose
is this your experience
that was great
here is my response
@Koala
I see
Instead of: {a well informed argument}
Say: y!smug
@timlives
It's my birthday today!!! Ya know what that means? Another year closer to the sweet embrace of death!
Happy birthday Chuck!
Thankies man
Jokes on you, you're immortal.
@timlives
@Deleted User#8665 hat burd day
Come here.
@timlives
@timlives yeet
walk up in the club like
"Goof Troop" is the best anime, which makes sense considering it's a spiritual successor to "Cory in the House" and designed by studios who shared a lot of their team with other classics such as "Suite Life of Zack and Cody" and "Sabrina the Teenage Witch"
**_DID YOU KNOW?_**: "Little Witch Academia" is actually a retelling of "Sabrina the Teenage Witch."
Logan has lived long enough to know that marriage is a facade.
!!
:realTaco:
:^)
🤔
@everyone
:gotem:
:gotem:  👈  ***COUNTER***
:GWjiangoNoice:
here's a fucking _man_ ¿
@timlives @Demi Tarot
uhhhhh _two things_
Ever get $20K from autists on twitch to watch youtube and laugh?
god I wish
i wish i was one of those twitch streamers that would get like $10k from a random stranger
them nibbas lucky
lots of the time it's a sham donation, they'll do it and then issue a chargeback so the streamer doesn't get any money
wah
@timlives we
@mannie.exe fug
@timlives ng
Hi so I'm homeless now?
It's a thing.
Help.
dude that sucks
what kind of options are you looking at here?
None. No cash. I spoke with some friends near NKU about this, so I may have a place. Nothing long term, and idk how I'm gonna cover a 40 minute drive.
jk that didn't pan out.
@Mujin asylum? idk what else tbh
so, uh, Andrew. I hear Heroes is kinda getting the shaft
yer
hots is kill
very sad
im back to overwatch I guess
Why is kill
they're sad they can't make K-pop
Understandable.
Also my dad stopped being drunk and let me back into the house.
The cycle continues.
@Koala blizz cancelled hgc for 2109
2019
What is hgc
heroes global championship
the esports league
and they said they're moving devs to toher titles
to other*
Ah
like Diabloble
Alright Andru use your influencer powers to get your hands on Diablo Immortal
That's your new schtick
You're a mobilefag now
no thanks
Back to #1 Mercy now?
Gotta retake the title
ye its the play i think
You can do it
Oh what a hot dog.
Andrew, if you're going back to be in the big leagues of OVerwatch, you gotta shot call like the big leagues
@timlives @mannie.exe
actually touched me
damn
Michael come home uwu
I miss you :GWjiangLoveHeart:
@Deleted User im home
nigga wut
what do you mean what
You're home? @timlives
yes
Hmu you college stud
when ever you want  just note I don't have a working vechicle
vechichichichi!
tis a pokeman now
"Hey there boys you guys wanna diddly dang the diddly dongs mmCHYES??"
sir this is a christian server
_This special broadcast was brought to you by: @Deleted User, @timlives, and @oooohitspdiddy#0420._
I think i just learned stuff
aight my SFW Tumblr seems to still be operational, only a few things got flagged, mainly a couple of commissions with too much PANK, but I appealed and they were allowed back, I think I have or two other flagged posts but I don't have the time or energy to track them down
also I'm still seeing some hentai, and pornbots are still around, so effectively nothing happened other than a lot of artists getting pissed and leaving
So nothing's *really* changed, but it's still worse and the staff exposed how pants-on-head stupid they are
expose implies it was ever secret
Exposed to the entirety of the internet? Rather than just tumblr?
again
Tbh I didn't know much about tumblr to begin with so this was all news to me
oh shit right I didn't explain stuff here
I mean you talked about it as it was announced and I heard from other friends too
a while back they tried to do something like this, by implementing a safe mode, where blogs could check themselves as NSFW, and people could turn on safe search to not find sensitive material. Again they had a shitty bot that didn't know how to flag shit.

Prior to the NSFW ban, they turned safe mode on for everyone and *hid* the ability to turn it off or unmark yourself as explicit. and by hid I mean, the text is still there but greyed out. if you open it in Inspect with your browser you can actually delete a single line of code to re-enable their function and untag your blog as explicit and it WORKS
also they didn't delete anything or ban people they just made anything flagged inaccessible to anyone but the owners
anyway, groceries and chicken await
Wow that's fucking stupid
Thanks Jurd
something funny I read about the NSFW tumblr bot, was that it was a single layer, two category, neural network which means it never had a chance in hell to work properly. A monkey with a hammer could have tagged post more accurately.
yeah someone mentioned that
like words can't express how little of a chance that bot would work
yeah they can
zero, nil, impossible, miniscule, microscopic...
any one with more neurons than that neural network could have understood that that wasn't going to work
according to a review from an ex-tumblr employee, a lot of the programmers are lazy, half ass something and leave the mess for other people to fix while they are moved to a new project (that nobody asked for)
normally their fuck ups are hilarious, but this is just obnoxious
do you know how hard it is to follow shit on twitter?
also I totally jumped the gun on that call to groceries
thought I heard mom pull up but it was Dad
but mom should be here any minute
help, I'm getting 75% packet loss on my pings to google, I'm "connected" but runnign at worse than dial up
yeah
I just
yeah
^^^
@timlives hey man we watching Aquaman Saturday?
@Demi Tarot that _FUCKED_ me up for a second
Then I just yelled "**HA** _haaaaa_!!"
@Trin
How'd you get trin to stay still long enough for a picture
I didn't, used a high speed camera while he was zooming around on his ass
woah
wild
@Deleted User yeah we do
this is an experience
We do
Um ok
You don't sound very excited for Wet Bro. @Deleted User
I was really tired and confused last night
I still am
What's up?
What has left you weak and bamboozled?
KAWA
**_II_**
KAWA
**_II_**
Somebody _sure_ is a
**WEE**_uh_**BOO**
AaahhhhhhhhhhhhhAAAAAAAAHHHHHH*AAAAAAAHHHHHHH*
Hello from France
I am the jet lag
jet fag
Ye
"Congratuations!"
- _Everyone_
god I wish that were me
@sneaky
My microphone on my phone broke somehw
Somehow
you were too quite to hear
Random YouTube recommendation that's a-okay.
It's shown in that video as well, but here's the trailer for the game talked about individually:
@timlives and @Demi Tarot might remember this
(at least the server, if not the studio)
bold of you to assume I can remember anything ever
@a ghost with purpose too? Might have been popular on Twitch at some point.
"Correct."
Sad Clown Pupper
I wonder if that big chicken will get PTSD in the future or not.
...I did not know that post was in 2 pics so I missed the actual joke
wait it was one it just didn't scroll
@timlives I need you to go and neuter Darren
why
He impregnated his wife
poor ashton
He made a fb post about being a "working man"
Jesus Christ
he's gonna name his kid
Daniel
Nah
yes
im browsing the facebook
Ashton is gonna name the kid
now
no
its in ink
dean darren dillan and daniel
Oh
:leonNotlikethis:
Lmao
thank god it's a boy
would be worried
if it was a girl
Ngl still just a little worried
ye
worried for other easons
r
That boy is going to raise a kid
What is he thinking
Okay he obviously isn't
Anyway @timlives you gotta go beat him
Not Darren
His kid
na I'll get big guy to have a son to bully him for me
The son shall pay for the sins of the father
thats what we call
thinkin with his dick
idk sounds like ashton is having some health issues
so
good luck to them
Yeah for real I wish him all the best
But its 1:45 am and I've a lot of wine and champagne and want to meme
@Meko
tru
hucking fell
i'm a sick fuck i like a quick hyuck
why is that hand thing relevant
i dont get it
m em e
shit meme
most memes are pretty shit
@Demi Tarot fuck you i wanna play minecraft again you fuck
Murr chrismus
@everyone
Mrchrstms
mmchrysler
I feel this represents Michael's brain
Thanks that is now stuck in my head
maaaaaaan fuck this game, I'm only on the 2nd floor and it's asking some dumb shit, or I'm just lost.
only sensible way is blocked by digging ghost, who I can't understand and have no item for, so my only lead to go further is falling down a pit that goes to the 4th floor, which y'know gravity is a thing, and all the monsters down there are too strong too fight, I manage to run back to the 3rd floor but it's a spiral to the stair case and a monster spawns right behind me so either A) I fight a monster I can't kill or B, I get sandwiched between another group of monsters and this one so I have to fight two battles in a row, one of which I cannot kill
to further insult me all the monsters on the 2nd floor are chumps who don't give a lot of XP, s I can't grind until I can murder the downstairs monsters
puppet parts are too damn expensive for me to keep ramming my face into this ( 'A')9
well I cheated that, and ended up fucking up and falling down a different hole because it looked farther away than it actually was and fell like 4 floors and died on impact
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh
I tried looking it up, and everyone's all like "explore the 3rd floor until you get the ability to break walls" like, bitch, the only bit of the 3rd floor I've seen was an enclosed area that led back to the 2nd floor, I tried being sneaky and trying to avoid encounters while exploring the 4th floor and that got me nowhere except wasting my time.
"there's a spot you missed if you didn't unlock wall breaker yet" NO SHIT (v'^')v
"oh I figured it out, I had to complete a prior mission first." MY MISSION IS JUST "GO DEEPER"
What are you playing jurd
Labyrinth of Refrain
I have explored every square of the 2nd floor that is not blocked off by diggy ghost man, I have no found any other way to the 3rd floor besides falling down a hole to the 4th floor and using the stairs back up, but for some reason the game thought it was a cool idea to have monsters spawn behind you when you climb the stairs. So unless I randomly find another item that stops monster spawns again, I have no idea how to get back to that spot I was at
which, y'know, was the 1st floor because it went up 2 sets of stairs
so unless that eventually leads back down 2 floors again I don't know how the hell to "explore all the things in the 3r floor"
if the encounters weren't literally impossible, this wouldn't be half as irritating
WHO DOES THIS LIKE AT THE BEGINNING OF THE GAME
4tu55f n5d8 in67biknyfukfyujrnvsrhdrjyvntdnrsjvrsnsnr I missed one fucking corner with the god damn stairs
I've passed these like 50 times how did I not see them
well for all my wasted time and anger, I was...rewarded(?) with  hot nun trying to force herself on the MC?
wtf is that
LOL
potatoes
see also
but yeah nah everyone is fucking thirsty for that witch, only like 2 characters so far haven't been all "yo girl I wanna ride you like a broomstick."
Fan s e r v i c e
4 years and 4 months in minecraft
Jojo this week
someone drew Estrella
I'm on my way back home uwu
Fuck Georgia deadass
Murr chrismiss
binch
Harpy Nu Ear my d00dz
Happy Neu Year
Heavy Nu Metal
"Get your fuckin semen off my tits" *Michael "TV-cup" Bolton, 2019*
Pinned a message.
I'm looking for suggestions on what to buy in the Steam sale
Yall play anything interesting lately?
Melty Blood
"Developer: FRENCH-BREAD"
I'm listening
Anything else?
uh Slay the Spire is p good if you like deck building games?
Have also heard of that. Not my cuppa, tho. Appreciate the suggestions
league legend @Koala
fuk u @a ghost with purpose
mannie buy me swain
@Koala have u heard of fortnite
maybe there is sale
why are you the way you are
society is cruel
PISS FUCKIN ASS
that guy wanted 4 emotes (  ' w ' )
AND THESE IDEAS ARE NOT CONCRETE
ONLY ONE IS
a guy commissioned four emotes?
not yet he hasn't he'll probably backpedal when I say the 4 emote bundle doesn't really have a "good price"
why did I say I was still doing these? I just want to draw cute girls
not try to decipher someone else's memes
Yeti
drew this design and realized this is just one of The Littles. God damn it
update on the twitch emote thing.
"sure I'll do the 3 for 30"
"alright which 3 did you want?"
"The two we discussed and I'll get back to you on the third one"
*looks at the four ideas he gave me
nice.
just draw two randomly and then gaslight him into agreeing
too much work
vigorous vibrations
accio, bum @timlives
I think I wanna get myself a Vive
I think your gay
are they cheaper yet @Koala
499 for a set
onice
go get 'em champ
mmmchamp
when I get home
you can also get a full Vive Pro set but I don't have 1400 bucks on hand
the pro is probably not worth getting over the regular one
or a Vive Pro starter set for like 1050
wat it do
"pro" ^
which is the pro headset but with regular other parts
the Pro is a higher res headset
and I think better sensors/tracking
concept: fish people that just look like this
uh
when you get a critical hit in golf
whoaaaa
aaaaa
aaaaa
**あ**
this runs you over, what do
nandesuka
Cheeki Breeki
I said
WHERE MY CAT
MACHINES ARE REBELING
The combos betrayed me
why dogs gotta shred up their dedicated pee pad when it's already got pee on it, then piss literally everywhere else
jesus christ
I understand.
GOD.
earlier discussion of minecraft led me to looking what was new
MOTHER
FUCKING
**SEA PICKLES**
chip chip charoo, eat this @timlives @Mujin
Mikklemore did see Mob Psychooooooo ( 'A')
yaaaa it gud
why is
my dog
in this music video
Naps canceled, instead ANGER
oh no
like literally the point I said "fuck it, I'll take a nap" Mom popped in and told me to help with the hay
then sweep the mess out of the truck
then move my car
then told me I didn't do it right when I only stopped because I heard her shout something and was waiting to see what she wanted
she shouted at the chicken she said, but didn't clarify to pull up more, she just told me to get out and let her do it
so I'm covered in itchy
my sinuses are fucked
and I feel nauseous
>:c also sleepy
that's horrible
//complaints over.
I got 45 minutes till I go back out and feed everyone, on the upside I only need to bring grain and water and don't have to fuck with hay for today
I wanna make Dungeons now
hold on what
that wizard has the moves
what a mover
*whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop*
that's Gandalf
oooooh that's that Ralph Bakshi animation of LotR
I see
where Digitized men dressed as Orc hate on Gandalf's sick dance moves
and Hwips
and by extension a way
"Oh since its a different anime season Jojo got a new ending"
It's still the same song ( =A=)
when Michael and I do the fusion dance and go absolutely mad with power
That video is the best thing I have seen
need me a Brode Sode
me slipping into the call
@Demi Tarot
Thank you.
that's fan art, but apparently there is a legit Girls Frontline x Va11-Halla crossover
bless Greek's heart
general reaction to Michael's life story
Birb
oops
na you good
that was not as severe as expected
when you switch to Defense Mode
:thinyaa:
:cutedog:
:potatoFace:
:interesting:
Same
Oi anyone of you awake that can help me with sorting out my twitch stuff?
wait have I linked this yet?
relatable
I found out what people do with computers in Bell County
modern day biker gangs have fallen on some hard times, it seems
concept: "RPG" where the main character is a cute anime waifu who talk with you directly, and you just kind of hang out and talk philosophy, while do other things here and there, and sometimes she gets weird with it
@timlives
neat
i mean, mood
I brought home a cello. @timlives
The low C-string broke 10 minutes later, and the endpoint stopper somehow rolled off the endpoint, and now the whole stick is inside the body of the cello.
This is a travesty, but I'm taking this as a challenge...
@mannie.exe that's a damn shame
ya
should have went for the trombone
NO
I think those were all checked out, tbh.
I was tempted to grab a sax.
I'm a little less fucked now: I removed the endpin through one of the F holes, but I still have a broken string (and a high A that I can't seen to get in tune).
I'm probably just gonna have to take it to a luthier to get the endpin reinstalled.
Fire^^^^
oh fuck is that P!ATD and Gambi🅱🅱o?
oh this makes my 🇧 🇧 hard
Still have phone tho
dark forces at work are saying to make someone THICC
so that's a hard maybe
the world always needs more THICC
I ordered a Vive @timlives
also @timlives after dinner we can reconvene Minecraft
-MISSION 1: Find Iron (redstone wouldn't go amiss either, crave that mineral)
gonna keep plugging at this drawing for a bit, tell me when you're done diabloing and I'll hop back over here to craft a mine
what the fuck
here I be
@timlives , I wait for ye
OwO
but it's Janu--ooooooooooooooooh
I apparently dropped from the call without a noise?
that was legit though
so my campaign
my players cruised through it way faster than expected, so it ended up being a one shot because the only way I could get enough content on the fly was to skip to the ending, someone blue screened before the conclusion
#JustDemiThings
that sounds really scuffed
was it still fun
they said it was a breath of fresh air from getting murdered
@timlives where do you get custom beatsaber songs from
@Koala you have to get this first
Then go to
Thanks m8
@timlives what is the best way to DL and install songs?
nvm
figured it out
E.I.L.F
elevn
leven
UwU
correct
though to call Papa Nurgle Satan with AIDS is kind of an understatement
Makes AIDS look like a case of the sniffles
Also Kriegers are not Nazis
They're WW1 inspired
like AIDS+Hepatitus, Chlamydia , West Nile Virus, Small Pox, Chickenpox, measles,, scarlet fever,  Yellow Fever, mad cow disease, swine flue, bird flu, spanish flu, bubonic plague, and the common cold
Winter: *happens*
Republicans: So much for Global Warming
Slap that Chuuni
I lived
nothin' helps digestion like a good pre-dinner "job talk"
this was my first pass, I thought he looks a bit silly, and I was told he looked cuddly, which is not what you want from a race of people who honor their fallen by eating them.
so there was this, getting somewhere but still not sure.
then somehow this happened I dunno
Tumblr be like
it goes with everything, too
why does this video player not have any options to like, pause and let it load
oh it does it just doesn't show it
it just works
Toddhoward.mov
i got in the beta for this
😄
Oh yeah I got an email from Intel about the beta but I noticed it too late and all the keys were given away lol
Where's spurdo
attic
I can hear you all perfectly
or could
I blame Michael
<> spoopy
D&D party.png
no
yyyyyES
Hey Manye
Watcha doin out Californie way
@a ghost with purpose what's this tourney thing
@Koala 10k breach invitational and my friend is a team captain
👏
o
but im not allowed to say that yet
so you guys heard nothing
🦑
OwO
@a ghost with purpose breach? Ain't that a videogaaame or something?
ye
@Koala visiting my mom!
Slash staying here forever.
Don't know. Depends on where I feel more depressed and how much I miss you guys.
Currently I miss you guys a lot, but time will tell further.
The weather is nice in California. I hear
It is
No polar vortex
Cold, but nowhere near as cold.
certainly less gray than Ohio lol
A LOT less gray than Ohio rn.
It rained, but everything is kinda' lush and green -- and now, wet as well.
same
whole bruvah
@Demi Tarot nice drawings on Twitter today
ye, that was my monthly KO-FI sketch for the dude
been goin for a year now
Doin good work chief
hope so, this'll be my grocery money in due time
I went to a modular synthesizer concert today.
@timlives
It was the greatest thing ever.
It was at the same place that lends out musical instruments.
Thats cool
owo
ur cool
@Mujin I used you as a non-personal reference for GameStop. Thanks.
people complaining about the wait between KH 2 and 3 smh
so I am a dumbass and left myself bedridden from eating almonds
Are you allergic to almonds?
no I just ate way too many by themselves
Ah
Jesus fucking christ xD
Dog bless Chika
me irl
Shut up andru
@Koala do u wanna play apex at all this weekend
what time we timing the time timenight
depends on makel roommate time
and my sleep i guess
I know I sure as fug ain't do the good sleep
2nd day in a row, I almost slept for 20 minutes and asshole mcgee decided 5:30 is a good time to try and get attention
hard to settle down and sleep after marching to the other end of the house dragging a fat cat out from under a table and yeeting him out the door
That
Bothers me
well it is two humn spines made into a whip that was found in an abandoned house in Wyoming
Thats my kink
Do you know the artist behind the picture of the anime girl with her face cracking? @Demi Tarot
I forgot unfortunately
Oof.
Andrew you still busy?
@Demi Tarot i just stopped being busy
Mikkle and I were watching amine, BUT NOW IT IS TOO LATE
one of my friends was flagged NSFW for drawing a (clothed) Tiddy monster from Granblue
so I edited this
Lmao
What if windoll babies looked like this
this popped into my recommendations and I honestly, *honestly* don't know why
no one's gonna judge you here, Stephan
well, except Andrew
yeah well his schtick is anime girls eating cheeseburgers so he can't say shit
Michael judges me for existing so I'm used to that
god I could go for one of those
I was going to ask which part you could go for
but I know the answer is both
yes
anyway this was entertaining if uncomfortable
@timlives
@Mujin
So what tools and technologies do you use to measure _hardness of your bread_?
WRONG
I found a cute bun. behold
I gots a job
is it suckin diiiiffffffffuck it I'm too tired
So
I bought minecraft
I made a guh-nome Wind Maidge
it's gnot a gnelf
god
Has left
can we have an amine night, it's a holiday
I would like to
are u retired
from the bookmark life
ye
Woah
A new chapter of faggotry
not really timlives is an older name for me than bookmark
But still
Bookmark is dead. Long live tim
@timlives as a Physics student how does this make you feel
from the day I first watched that it has and will continue to piss me off
I can't read Cyka, but this resonates with me
the first word is tovarish which means comrade
I can assume the rest is something akin to
WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST FUCKIN SAY TO ME YOU LITTLE BITCH
like the post said its the navy seals copypasta but in russian
Frends
Are there any like, zombie themed DnD style games?
Or would it be possible to have a "zombie survival" themed version of DnD where the only monsters are zombies etc
up to the DM really
but given how popular Zimbo Apopoplips scenarios are I'm sure someone made one, and if not there are a handful of systems that are pen ended enough to model like that
@timlives
same
can i put a b infront of your nam e
so u go back
wait
i think i canf ix this
bimlives
fak
@timlives
check ur role
I like it
@a ghost with purpose what have you done to me. why do I now regularly watch twitch streamers
mental health tip from Jack Black: for 20 minutes a day stare into the void
The theme that plays when you fight @timlives
accurate
THEY'RE CROSSING THE MEMES
That horse meme is how I feel retroactively justifying my depression. @Demi Tarot
I have found the pinnacle of bird meme
jesus christ
hey guys I'm alive isn't it gre-
ebbrytime :Gondola1:
same
same
except instead of pissing my self off
I'm just pissing on my self
#gross
Hawt
@Koala u lik big pp
oh no
@timlives u fukn know it bich
same
@timlives
@Demi Tarot @timlives why is raphtalia best girl
and why do i wanna watch the show
just because of her
🍆
red pan
is it worth
it all started with this
disclaimer i know nothing about this show besides the name
should I watch it
I've not watche it either but I hear nothing but praise
i mean look at that gif
its
heckin
cute
@a ghost with purpose rising of the shield hero is really good I have been reading the manga for ages and the show is doing it justice.
I would very much like to watch it with you and @Demi Tarot some time
@timlives
that's how I want to live
that is the way.
he used my art in a stream announcement vid aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
when do you wnna amine MikMak?
when ever you ready
I'll finish this yt video and pour myself some rum and we can get started if you want to go ahead an ready the rabbit it'll be like 8 minutes
I am a fool and a dingus I should have put a coke in the fridge to be cooling, guess I'll just mix it with code red. cherry and cherry should go well
"in primary school we had a creative writing assignment where we had to ‘write about a character in a new, strange situation!’ and i wrote about a squid that was somehow teleported from the ocean to the forest floor and slowly choked to death for two pages and i’ll never quite forget my teacher’s face because it turns out she wanted ‘this new school is scary, i hope i make friends!’ and not a graphic description of a squid dying"
@timlives i need help man
my pc is suffering constant fps drops again
problem is, its not an overheating issue this time
idk wtf is causing it
even in league i get fps drops to like 1-2fps
for some reason msi afterburner is showing my core clock and memory clock to be hella low
607 and 405 mhz respectively
MHz*
@Deleted User I would have to actually like see what it is doing to know if I can help you
If its bad enough we can use team viewer
well its making everything unplayable
it started with fps drops in RE6 that i noticed, and i used to play the game on ultra and get like 90-100 fps
i would have random drops to like 10-15 fps
and now its doing it even in league
henlo
uh
uh
ahhhhhhhh
Huh.
i had to see this, now you do too
@Deleted User sorry bud I'm playing with other friends atm
ah ok mate
somebody named Agamemnon the fuck-upper liked one of my drawings
goals
I have heartily enjoyed Love is War this season
I didn't start watching it til this weekend when I gave into the memes and started it
<> KH3 Spoilers, but god damn this scene is like the second best one form the scenes I've actually saw
||that burning light you see is the Darkness BURNING AWAY from Woody as he slowly marches towards Xehanort||
that's a good ass tumblr post right there
but at the same time, *stupid fucking tumblr gifs*
***JUST MAKE ONE FUCKING GIF YOU MONGS***
there's a size cap
then tumblr needs to be less shit about size
you coulda just stopped that sentence two words shorter
i mean, that's kinda a given, but I'm specifically hating on tumblr gifs atm
currently taking files to put into new laptop, will need to redownload SAI, how do I go about digging up my license key?
@mannie.exe is the account in my name or yours( 'A')
it was yours
so I gotta beat up mannie to get my Sai License before the month is over...or I could just buy SAI 2
the business expenses are cutting into my future rent money
also holy shit I restarted my computer to get my tablet installed and got back in like 10 seconds, SSDs are AWESOME
yeah they are
like, I do things and they work.
fookin love it mate, fookin love it
also no need for a secret Mannie boss fight, found the info in our chat logs
so
a vodka cooled pc is viable right
no, alcohol is called fire water for a reason
@timlives
I want one
AWAKE
FUCK
so Blizzard "you think you want that but you don't" Activision decided to announce WoW Classic
someone please explain
what i just watched
I don't think I can
( '^')
Rob became a trapeze artist
404
lol
help
at least he ain't calling a wolf a catgirl
Yare yare daze
uh?
"if you brought shakespeare back to life and showed him the lion king i bet he’d be like “this shit fucks why didn’t anyone tell me i could use lions”
@timlives
yeah pretty much
There's too much anime :tfwLost:
lewd
"What is a golden Shower?
soon™
I live
tIm lives
ye
No u
The legendary elfish blade: Y'all'd've
and the slightly less legendary parrying dagger: Y'ain't
cannot
alcohol
question dudes
is Divinity Original Sin 2 a Diablo esque game
I would not say that
but I'm not super familiar with Diablo
like, combat wise? no not at all
no, Divinity is open ended on abilities and uses turn based combat, and as far as I know not a lot of min maxing on item stats
it's also has more open ended conversations and junk
Think more like Dragon Age than Diablo in terms of RPG-ness
man
the dentist fuckin sux
what do
had to get a filling
cavity inbetween my teeth from not flossing
oof
:tfwLost:
@timlives
Bigus
Dickus
some dipshit circa late 90s early 00's
Those are jorts aren't they
jean shorts yeah
eggdogs
best thing to happen mmyes
fffffFUCK I AM BORED
same but I have to do my fathers taxes
boo
I got bit by the DMing bug, so I've ben trying to think of what I want to run....also I think I'm allergic because it is swollen and burns
Kill la Killhammer
I await
back over here again
@timlives go to RPGMaker's help file and tell me what it says about the dimensions for tilesets
it's under resource specifications
nvm I got it
what kinda flooring you think this bish got? hardwood?
"Hey, I *do* deserve an orgy!"
when Michael  needs to kill something and doesn't trust the dice
marginal distress
This is a gripping story line
connecticut is a place of mystery
so I decided to watch Kaguya-sama: Love is War
That shit
Is cash money
very cash money
You see the ep 3 ending yet?
I watched all the episodes currently out
and I saw that ending before anything else really
Chika is obvs the best, but Kaguya herself is also to my taste
Ishigami best girl
very relatable
proper faces to make when you see cute things
And the OP is 🔥🔥🔥
does Bradio do it?
I'm not sure
Hey wanna randomly join a branch of military together? It'll definitely kill us -- literally or otherwise. @Demi Tarot
hell no
@a ghost with purpose should join too. I think errbody else is too busy. 😅
nah it'll be great. Imagine escaping your life into hell, but you might get out of hell.
not how it works
Okay fine.
I feel like Andrew would be the only one that could survive it lol
he'd outsass and gaslight the drill sergeant
by gawd
someone took my joke
That Sonic x Pop Team Epic was a crossover I didn't know I needed. @Demi Tarot
damn
you can really see the coins bulging out of that ballskin of a pouch
how lewd
OwO
ewe
Check this out @everyone
Yep! I saw that a long time ago lol. So cool.
i love having to do a full system scan because my ROM gave me malware 😦
lol wat
Did you misclick onto an ad button? Not realize you were letting the, ahem, "ROM installer" also install other shit?
@Deleted User
buns havin coffee
🤔
No i downloaded the winrar pack and it had some malware in it, but i took care of it. @a ghost with purpose
wat
oh @mannie.exe ^
🐢 SLOW AND STEADY 🐢 WINS THE RACE  🐢 MODS CAN’T BAN ME  🐢 AT THIS PACE  🐢
REDWAAAAAAAALLLL
I think it's something similar but not quite, I only skimmed the tweet attached. it could be.
fuck i remember reading redwall
havent thought about that series in years
I like the idea of smoll things adventuring in a big world but I was never familiar enough with Redwall to play Mouseguard
I read the shit out of them books
i remember reading them, don't remember the books themselves
(and personally if I was doing a setting like that I think it'd be cool if they used like, nails and needles instead of having actually tiny swords, but that's just me)
i remember checking those books out at the liberty elementary library
good times
@Mujin how's sekiro
I have lots of thoughts that I don’t think I can write down before trying to talk through them
But if it’s any indicator, I stopped playing around 4pm today and I have 11 hours recorded already
9/10
The combat is incredible, but soooooo different from any soulsborne game
It’s been frustratingly hard for me to not try and dodge roll every attack cause that’s a one way ticket to pain and suffering
Overall the combat and game mechanics are essentially perfect besides some small gripes that I have
But I don’t give it a 10/10 cause it doesn’t capture me like bloodborne or dark souls does, cause I’m a fantasy and horror nerd and the Japanese setting just doesn’t hit me as hard
that's not very Kawaii of you Maiku-san
Which is really strange considering I was a ninja for Halloween for I think 6-7 years in row.
the mobility in sekiro looked pretty cool
i only watched a bit tho
As an example the music, while incredible and fits perfectly, just isn’t memorable.  While I had the boss music for every other soulsborne game stuck in my head after putting the game down
sounds like youre saying the game lacks soul
You mother fucker
I would highly recommend it, which feels so good to say about a new game at launch, especially after my disappointment with Anthem
definitely will be watching a playthru at least
did you play nioh?
Yeah, completely different combat styles. Nioh is more of a Japanese flavored souls, while Sekiro is more like a stealth rhythm game
interesting
tumultuous
[|;|):c
i got a berger hatt
duuuUUUUDe
you can't saay thatₜₜₜ..
its ok my dog is black
Yo @timlives did you invite Tyler to the discord?
no
oh ok
Holy shit did that dino flex his tail
trying to convince kim shes not "too fat" to cosplay is like pulling teeth i swear
tell her it's aaaaaaaaaall daijobu ( '^')/
Get her a Mega Milk tshirt and call it a day
Is this your view from your window?
yes
they know what time it is, and I need mom to get here with that grain
best girl
Clark is such a gentleman
Stop
Nyan Bread
@Demi Tarot @timlives by some twist of fate I found myself in Bell County today
how the funko pop
what the fuck
Lmao
how
I was driving back from a spring break trip to South Carolina
I assume you ran screaming immediately as any sane man would
so you took a wrong turn
The interstate near Knoxville was full of traffic, so Google maps diverted us to US 25 East
Im sorry
So we drove through the mountains a d the Cumberland Gap, and I found myself surprised to be in Bell County as we exited the tunnel
Tbh it was a nice day to drive through, 70° and sunny
Took this photo in TN
yep
oh yeah the overlook at clinch mountian
you probably passed LMU also
But yeah, drove through Middlesboro, Pineville, past Bell County HS, basically from TN to I-75
you basically took a tour through my life
Yeah kinda lol
Told my gf and friends that you all lived there
I'm 20 minutes past that big bridge next to the Gas Station
Was like "my friend Jared is on the side of one of these hills"
"god rest his soul"
"Lord help him get off it"
that mean you got too see all of middlesboro's attractions
Like the Food City
all 0 of them
littlerly every thing is on 25E
And the KFC buffet
(Also in Tazeville!)
the rest of middlesboro is resdential
yeah that strip of road you passed through is all there is, I constantly forget there's even buildings beyond it
tazeville is a little bigger than that
Middlesboro is a podunk town, but at least it's not half-cemetary like Pineville
right next to tazevile is new tazeville
you also saw the entirety of pineville
like there is nothing more to it
Yeah
Was nice sunny day, good for a drive on 25
Actually saved us a few minutes too
yeah just drive on by don't stop for the love  of god
Clinch mountain itself was worth it
if you want the true Middlesboro experience you need to show up on a wet morning where you can smell the god damn tannery for miles
the tannery isn't even there any more
that's the scary part
It's like Rob's ghost is haunting the place
That canal just smells like shit
and just goes nuclear
rob shit in the canal
Was gonna say, if it was anything but sunny then I imagine it would have been much worse lol
yeha
like middlesboro is alot bigger than what you saw, but there is nothing there
did you stop at the first kfc in corbin
Nah, it was in the afternoon
What's up with it
it has like a museum
for kfc
Lmao what
myyYYY
BAAAABIIEEeessss....
that editor's note
@Koala Hey man, I'm gonna need to know the next time you're down this way. 😃
@Trin I honestly didn't know where I was until I exited the Cumberland tunnel lol
Was like "Oh cool Kentucky" and then was like "Oh shit *Kentucky*"
Rabbit April Fools
Pop Team Epic did a TV special....there are 4 versions!
I've been spicing up the Boss Man's twitter all day with some drawings ( 'w')
Rip, just imagine the massive drop in discord users and the revenue drop. You would think they would have learned from the mass Tumblr exodus.
s'probs a gag
probably
Real shite desu
when you boutta have a Connecticut Wedding
so happy for clark
this is the best story i've experienced in a while
also you forgot to post
I follow so many things it got buried before other things caught my attention
it's ok
Connecticut is a weird mysterious land
so this is the person that created the ~~squinty person~~ sock puppet meme
no that was futurama (' w')
fixed it
yes
and it catches me off guard when they draw actual anime bullshit instead of mspaint sock puppets every time
i eat ass
that is all
finally got a damn call from the loan company about my loans, figured they would have done that when the first payment was due and not like 6 months after, but whatever. I didn't remember the name of the company, I asked the school and they referred me to a site that wasn't really related and glitched whenever I registered, and I had neither a phone call nor a letter till today
so there's that bandage ripped off, for the loans in my name, which constitutes as 1 full year it totals to just under 29k. ( '^') college is some bullshit
if I pay 300 a month (which is probably more than I make on average with comms) I'll have it paid back in 8 years, naturally a job would accelerate this, but this is going to make saving up to move the fuck out a pain in the ass.
( '<') if they're hiring I might go for a job at the liquor store, since mom knows someone who works there, and its only a 20 minute drive as opposed to 50
That'll make saving up easier, hopefully?
that is assuming they need anyone
True
oh shit, Black Michael and Goth Stephan **2**
His name
is _Fisto_.
those damn lemon stealing lemon whores
Hey it's been 5 minutes since we last stared at our Lemon Trees.......WHAT THE FUCK
You know what sucks One punch man season 2 is only on hulu in US
so I have to yarhar fiddle dee dee it
⚫
what
why is there just a black circle
oh
why is that an emote
🔴
to play connect 4
damn
🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴
🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴
🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴
🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴 🔴
shit
pretty sneaky sis
>Korean mmo
>tab targeting
>loli collector
>kimchi?
>Dancing
@Koala
pretty fresh oc
@timlives notice me
uh
sec
@timlives
@timlives yo
Should I buy a Rift or wait for the new Rift S
honestly I would wait cause valve, htc and oculus are releasing new headsets
this is 100% an Andrew/Michael conversation
@Koala
Lol wut
sorry but animemes is all I use Reddit for
it's not sex it's cooperative masturbation
also when did Andrü publicly ascend to Alucardom?
Why is the waifu living her life on the edge mon? @Demi Tarot
Why must she do this? Is she a badass?
Is she broken?
What
We must probe further into the darkness.
the... Darkness.
🌰
guess i gotta watch little witch girls now
@Koala yoo
yeah
holy fuck
@timlives sighted in LA
yeah
<:C
Yo @timlives all the blazblue games are on sell on steam if you don't already have them
@Demi Tarot howd ur dnd go
it went aight
did you finish
ye, it wasn't a train wreck, I don't think it was outstanding or nothing, but it wasn't bad, the players had fun
naisu
i am but a dog with a bone for a sword
a bone sword
I am the bone of my sword
STEEL IS MY BODY
AND FIRE IS MY BLOOD
what
I HAVE CREATED OVER A THOUUUUSAND
~~~BONES~~~
Unlimited Blade Works
~~~SWORDS~~~
BLADES
mega fix
weapons
yet these hands will never hold anything
what
from Fate
Ah
lol Fate
is all i can say
about Fate
but in a good way though
@timlives
thats cool
My computer crashed and then died in a tornado.
that is unfortunate
Reminder: this was a dude once.  @timlives @a ghost with purpose
please someone explain this to me
advertising bdo new bunny outfits
@Demi Tarot plz explain
bunnies
:PepeHands:
British dude was talking about the uk porn ban, license thing so I hit'em with one of these
OI M8 U GOT A MEME LOICENSE
also a dude was talking to me about getting a commission of one of my characters, and I was getting hyped, then realized half way through he meant he was going to commission someone else and was wanting permission to use my character and I was like "Oh..." but then I realized I'm essentially getting a free commission \\( 'w')/
beep beep
Ubi is giving away AC Unity for free for a few days
such charity
In addition to a 500k € donation to Notre Dame's restoration
@Koala danke
I never finished Unity when I got my PS4.
(I returned my PS4)
@timlives hello would you like to hello?
*hides* @a ghost with purpose
what a creature this evan
hot new isekai
@timlives i have no ech and i must eugh
i didnt think this game would come out but it is
@Koala
Oh yeah
I've seen it being streamed
cute character sheet
very cute
@timlives brb food
jk no fud but brb because bootcamp
okay
( '^')
i'm at home
and a windows popup just told me that Win 7 EOL is in January 😦
get fucked
ye
w7 is kill
next D&D encounter
this will never not be funny
hey mandru you wanna play TW WH2
@a ghost with purpose
i actually opened it today, been real bored
but i dont think im in the mood
playing a bit of grim dawn
yeah I saw lol
whoa
@timlives titty bibibibibi
tttttty is my t-t-t-t-t-terminal of choice
@timlives  waaaaaiiit
Damn.
you guys want some nostalgia in the form of EDM?
@Demi Tarot @timlives amine todai?
Ye
a reminder:
"I am but a humble yet flirtatious cunt and a polarizing asshole." Also, hello, Cod? Hi. I'm bassically out of Ohio now. Okay thank you! Have a good one, bye!
aight everything is late, but things should be done by 8 or I am gonna be piss
just gotta put Hay away whenever mom is ready to help with that
so like see ya in a week
@mannie.exe how are things out Californy way?
Life is suffering when you're alone in your head no matter where you run to.
It's going pretty great!
...glad to hear?
*
*credit -jurd
guys @everyone
Kms
I'm on my phone at work but the regular mic is busted on it so I have to use speaker to talk, but apparently that's fucked now too
I'mma yeet my phone at a fucking truck
fun fact, Touhou did not start off as a bullet hell shmup
DID THE RED WHITE TEXT JUST SAY "**_HARRY UP_**" AT 1:20???
HMMMM?
Why do the cards have little ॐs?
Oh wait. Touhou's obviously very religious.
[Highly Responsive To Prayers]
God I wish.
OH MY GOD THEY'RE FIGHTING WITH YORBS
go here
I'm trying to test out my art stream need some dudes in chat to tell me how fucked my shit is
okay
can you hear me?
yeah
check chat
also stream maybe like severl minutes behind
how do I lower my resolution
what program to do you to stream
obs
in settings go to video and change output resolution
it's at 853x480
what do you have your bit rate set to
200
set it to 150
it won't go lower
and change the preset to max proformance
is the 200 audio or video bitrate
video
cpu usage preset?
oh change output mode to advanced
on cbr?
no at the top
I mean it's in advanced
do I set it to cbr
rate control set to cbr is fine
for rate control
so is the CPU usage preset what you meant before?
I don't have a max performance but there is an ultrafast
what version of obs do you have
23.1.0
studio
it should just say preset
verry fast is fine
i forgot you cant use Nvenc
also I wanna put the rescale output to 360 right?
yeah
anything else I should tweak?
not that I can think of
take 2
Game night was canceled wanna finish shield hero tonight? @a ghost with purpose @timlives
andyman is ded
forever?
best part of the fuckin series right there
I like just how savage Fujiwara sounds
i rise
fake news
meanwhile on 4chan
wow what a fucking mistaker
we're done discussing vidya game stuff now
i neda slep
go slep
the new _*~viIiIIiIive~*_ looks neat
who down for booze and anime?
bazime
bzzzt
mmeeee
zenmiat
b
sorry stroke
am so bore
and tire
Same
@timlives Are you downward to Clownward
🚔
depends whos the funny man
honk
we could finish Cromartie?
or watch Kaguya?
we could do one of those things
you decide on which one of those things you'd prefer, I'mma fix a drink and grab dad's uniforms
I bak
I really wish I could get that.
Also, @Koala please buy me this.
posted this yesterday, but someone added a perfect addition
Ba is fuc pis
Ba is kind sed
Ste is du   id
fin  is mb  iot
dont dead
open inside
gote
Un fuckong believable
fuckin
which animemes are you watchin? Ogrelord?
yeah
ye we almost finished ogredog
I forgot if I made this joke to someone or just did it in a dream
holy shiiiiiiiiiiiit ProJared was slamming Ross's exwife behind his wife's baaaaaaaaaaack
Nani
YOOOOOOOOO
This is whaaaaack
What a shitbaaaaaag
Okay so I don't know too much about ProJared aside from a couple of episodes of TGS/Cooptional podcast he was on
But like dayum
Kappa
ay fuckin lmao
Lmao
Suck my Pringis
the man fucking kamikaze'd
lmao
hypothetical idea
Tabletop Game: The Players are a task force sent in to top secret areas to dispose of various scientific experiments gone awry, things such as players choice in equipment, positioning and such is very important. big focus on the combat and strategy aspect
neat
Sneaky did another sneaky
ye he does them monthly
for patreon
nice
He's real good at what he does
I did it
Nani is this
"I never thought I'd heal Bill fire fucking" - *Michael "English is my first language" Bolton, 2019*
Pinned a message.
ԅ(≖⌣≖ԅ)
(͠≖ ͜ʖ͠≖)
when jared asks for rpg help
yup
@Deleted User your FB got hacked bröther
:HUGERS:
:POGGIES: :POGGERS: :pepeLaugh: :PepeHands: :Pepega: :monkaHmm: :HYPERS: :EZ:
:Pepega:
:Pepega: 📣 any hots gamers
:monkaGun:
:gachiGASM:
:cactuarIAmHere:
:michael:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:
:goteem:
( '^')9
( 'A')- **BOI**
:fug:
:cecevrOwO:
Heh
Dragon bun
Breathing is fun
whenever I need to like, describe locations, like landmasses and biomes, my brain just yeets itself out of my skull
im the same with people
@Koala hows chivalry 2.5
Pinned a message.
hey andru did u strem todai
he did
nice
ye a bit
trying to find games to stream is hard
Me: I can just space out the races wherever makes sense, I don’t need a pattern *\brain finds a pattern *
Why is me brain obsessed with making things equal and systematic
I know it's french for Peach Apricot Tea
but I jsut read it as
:fug: The Peaj Abricod
:fug: :fug: :fug:
:Gondola2: :Gondola2: :Gondola2:
:Gondola3: :Gondola3: :Gondola3:
:D
I did it
I did the thing
grats
The college thing
Yeeeee
combatulation
fuckin asmon
this is still relevant?
click it
look at the channels streaming it
AYAYA
this felt relatable for once
fuckin Artifact on twitch man
FINALLY FOUND A VIDEO OF A GOAT DOING THE THING
"I swear that bitch doesn't waste anytime"

I'm keep this
Pinned a message.
This has got to be posted here before
rip
@timlives wtf that peexel arrtist is definitely onto something
@mannie.exe he is that style is great
I need ALL of this
oooof
It's like I bought a hip lean cosmetic item. Which was permanent.
Stuck in sass.
damn
Is that your back Mannie?
@Koala yep. That'd be me.
uh
this happened
this is salvation
I have no idea what it si
what
the
fuck
Demi, how do you make your catgirl race more unique
mmngrrrrrrrrrrrrgTHREE TAILS
ooooh and the tails form a braid sometimes
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒█▀░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▐░░░▄▌▀▀▀▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒▀▄░▌░░░░░▄▄█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▀▄░░░█▀░░░░▀▀▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀█░░░▄▐▀▀▀▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▌░░░░░░▄█▄▄▒▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▄░░▐▀▀░░░░▀▌▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀█░░░░░░░█▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▄░░░▄▀▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
THIS IS A LEMON LINE
REPOST IT, OR YOU BECOME A LEMON
AND JOIN THE LINE
henlo @timlives
@timlives :peepoFat:
:peepoFat:
hi
idk if Polygon's literature is still garbo
but their videos featuring Patrick (alpha @timlives) and this androgynous-looking motherfucker, who I sexually and spiritually identify as, named Brian David Gilbert
are great
it be like that some times
delicious entities
henlo distant* entities
if moon blocks sun, Eclipse
if moon goes through sun, noclips
ooooohohohoho
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
a new Emprah podcast
ogay listen to that jord @Demi Tarot
I wanna make something full of sand
for that
don't tell me what to do
okay
I will no longer tell you what to do.
does seem sandy though
heck yeah
I'm gonna expand the sand
@timlives hello bik
gives me a Hylics vibe too
ooo bebe
I think my fave so far
@Demi Tarot can u come critic my mizzic
michael can't follow my melDoys
I'm supposed to be watching Wakfu soon
Faaak
fuuu
cccc
ya
i think the bass is a little stronk
I like a good bass line, so it doesn't bug me
I'm starting to get a dope vision for this piece actually.
I need to refine the bass. Glad you like it though.
I think it's a little too complex to be a meaty bassline, but we'll see.
Listen to version 5 entirely -- this one isn't looped, it's arranged.
I'm like, 35% there.
owo whats this
some music I'm working on
uwu
please
don't infect me
nice, I like it
Still need to:
- design better bass sounds (ambient vs. bass line)
- split bass into melody support and ambience
- build a better arrangement (intro -> lead -> who-knows-what-outro)
- get some juicy drums (expand on the snare)
you're doing pretty well, keep it up
Thanks thanks.
Better mastering, better arrangement. Bass has become more muted since I haven't tuned it praperly.
@Koala and @Demi Tarot and @a ghost with purpose
guys
again
ignore the overall poor arrangement
but
BUT ALSO
🌅 🌊 🍹 😎 🌴 ⛱
heh.
initial T
:fug:
:Gondola1:
.
:Gondola3:
kroger just called about a recall, rib eye steaks and ground beef
thats all ive eaten
for 5 meals
and that's everything in your diet
lmao yup
guess ur boy is getting
ecoli
rip Anders
@Koala finally punished for my dad buying bulk discount meat
its over for me
we all knew it'd catch up to you one day
man
i really hope i dont get e.coli tho
Yeah don't do that
e.coli takes 3-4 days to begin
actually worried
I would say your steaks were probably fine, cooking a steak kills the stuff on the surface
The ground beef is the actual one to worry about
also cant tell because i feel nauseous /feverish anytime i eat
Uh
Because of your food allergies?
yeah
Are you allergic to beef now or are you doing dumb things like eating corn lol
burger
w/ bun
and cheese
and mayo
3/4 allergic 😦
Bruh
how many times have I told you lol
also 7 minutes til EA thing starts
i mean i know what my food allergies are
the choice is just discomfort or tons of extra time spent preparing worse food
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
oh boy 15 minutes of Jedi Fallen Order gameplay
i wasnt into it much
but its growing on me
are you in voice with ppl already stephan
nah
was just watching JP
I went to Kroger and had lunch after seeing the gameplay lol
lmao no one clapped for Madden
uhhhh
UHHHH
this is NOT what I'd call the original direction, @Koala , but uhhh
IT'S SOMETHING
sounds fun
gettin' trappy
yuh
YUH YUH
*dabs*
*throws self in the ocean*
ignore what I can only describe as the minecraft dirt block breaking noise in the intro but uh
no longer (exclusively) trap
what in the fuck
no christian servering in my minecraft cursing
@Koala
@mannie.exe is your physical form in this dimension?
you know what change of plans @Koala
jesus is cool
nevermind Stephan
I take it back
that video made me take it back
Gimme a little to get some food @timlives — my stomach kicked in.
this Emprah Text to Speech episode is fa tastic
podcat*
cast
/r/animemes is going through a no mod weekend
it's glorious
So much speedwagon
but why
tim lived as he died, modded
yeah I'm with Nigri on this one
wtf
"And they were like 'Fuck you Anne, we're not showing you anything'"
good bye guys
it was nice knowing you
back on my league bullshit
Dammit skippy
hao eggsziting
hi have you sinned today?
that image is a sin
the lack of Minecraft I've played in the last two days is also a fucking sin
but you don't see me complaining about the way things are
oh wait
chill dude
OH
WAIT
[waits]
goobysoft coming up
takes me back
@timlives surprised you're not asleep yet
thanks for reminding me goodnight
Night
night mikl
Thanks for being here for me
always bud
el
em
ayyy
AHHHHH
as somebody who has never been there for a Halo release, Infinite makes me feel some way. @a ghost with purpose
yeahhhhh
love how Ubi opened with an orchestra @Koala
that was pretty unexpected
Devolver on the other hand
was
the best?
you watch the whole Ubi conf?
because they opened with the symphony and then NOTHING AC RELATED FOR THE REST OF THE FUCKIN CONF
...
I mean, I guess that's good.
Maybe the next one will be a video game.
So there's going to be a direct sequel to BOTW
Cooooool
@Koala this could be you but you gave up on china pepehands
monkaS
hwat's happening now? sorry I live under a rock
context please? I googled and didn't find this image exactly @a ghost with purpose
Okay I found something else.
there are large scale protests in hong kong right now
I love Soda
I'm going to guess that "wooing" involves a big dono and a message that had "tiddy" somewhere inside
close
v close
close
@a ghost with purpose
guys guys guys
something completely daffrent
i think
err keep the volume low i didn't master SHIT
thoughts on this one big boy @Koala
@mannie.exe
Amazing
yaoiholesupreme
version 1 is probably my favorite arrangement so far, but 4 has the absolute best sound so far
@Mujin yo if you're not busy having a life sometime today, uh, say hi and let me know what you think
adxlphin
@timlives liiiiiiiiiiiiiiive
oooooooo
help
and I need to grab diner before a thing at 9 so actually I'm just outskies
okay
it really be like that sometimes
that  game is great
this post is Michael
It is that is my life
aeiou
hello bitches
, ahahaha wow what a bitch
( '^')
( '^')
^
fug!
parentheses open space apostrophe caret apostrophe parentheses close
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
_fug_
?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point question mark exclamation point
RE: Tifa's boobs
someone was going on about how there was an "ethics group" at Square who insisted they restrict the size, but that was a MASSIVE mistranslation, all the design team was told to do was give her a top that didn't have flop all over the place since she was an active sporty type and would probably keep those puppies on lock down, y'know, like wearing that sports bra she has. s( '^')v
It's like folks don't know what a fucking sports bra does
Although that makes sense if you think about the people who complain about Tifas jugs. Probably not very familiar with the other sex
and as I said before they're still bigger than Advent Children and KH incarnations
Oooh I wonder if we'll get an Advent Children remake now
pls no
The tech is so much better now
it seemed impressive at the time but that movie was a mess
and is kind of responsible for people seeing Cloud as an angsty bitch boy in everytihng
We should watch it together when I get back from Florida
Just drink and watch Advent Children
Because I don't think I've ever seen it aside from like ten years ago in 7 broken up parts on youtube
Oh dude. It was weird.
I watched it once out of the blue.
Years later, I found myself with a PSP and a copy of FFVII: Crisis Core.
I immediately watched Advent Children afterwards (I still haven't played the OG FFVII) and the movie made... still, no real sense, but at least I cried at the end when you see Aerith and Zach together.
Now that I've got a PS4 pro I figure I'll pick up the remake
@Koala nice flex but also cool good job
"Fancy dressed crackhead with tecno [sic] music air pods and a katana singlehandedly solves overpopulation in a twenty minute break"
Best summary of Katana Zero I've read so far.
yep
though is a bathrobe fancy?
"And I~ get a little bit Genghis Khan. Don't want you to get it on with no one else but me uwu"
h e l p
( '^')/ it me
borgar
murder kink
@Demi Tarot @timlives how do I spell the name of the bartending game
VA-11 Hall-A
ty
Korean caster are the best
@timlives
nice
wtf @timlives
oh wow
oh no
@timlives
hi
@Trin we're space force now
we're legun
we're shado peple
`block_horizon.aternos.me` for a good time -hot mc (minecraft) babe xoxo
fuckin hell asmon
big mood
Das neat
:cecevrOwO:
my next Cleric
Happy 🇺🇸🎉🥳🥳🎉
"the gay is so thick you could cut it with a knife" - michael 'slasher' bolton
Pinned a message.
@timlives
IMHOTEP
wek
wook
zug zug
oh dude how's that Pathfinder game? @Koala
@mannie.exe pretty fun. It's basically a DnD campaign. Scratches that RPG itch
it kind of literally is a DnD campaign though? just for people with no friends around
it is literally a singleplayer DnD RPG
using Pathfinder rules
I consider Pathfinder to *be* DnD since...it's 3.75 more or less
which game
pathfinder kingmaker?
ye
that game is way too much pathfinding and not nearly enough kingmaking
the kingmaking is like 2 chapters in
🅱ath🅱inder 🅱ing🅱aker
don't bind baths to your baker of search engines
:fug:
its just not enough realm management for me
i'm finding it to be a good amount of realm management
in fact I'm still getting the hang of things, balancing the pathfinding with the kingmaking
the time constraints on the quests are new to me
@timlives ooo ayy oo ayy
ooayy ooayyaaahh
Andrew: *says words*
Michael: *implies ass fucking*
Pinned a message.
Anyone:
Michael: *implies ass fucking*
Pinned a message.
I CANNOT PROPERLY GRASP THIS CUMBERSOME TENDER
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
ok
ok
si
GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUH
hyo
hyo
hyo
hyo
LMFAO
THE FRENCH ONE
:OMEGALUL:
OUIIIII
hallo
Ollah
DEMACIA VICE GARON
gat damn
Lotte waiting for her thank you after healing the party again
*Lotte taunting the adds after shooting a BigBeam at the biggerest boi and one-shotting it (in the contemporary art style of *Dark Souls*, colorized)
idk what your remember, but that's what I remember.
I remember
@a ghost with purpose uh
I
UHHH
uhhh
michael doesn't believe in questions
@timlives BITCH I SAW YOU
really
I think. only 90% sure, which is why I didn't say something
I did go with my dad to the liquor store so he could get beer
then it was you! I was stocking the vodka aisle s( '^')z
oof I wan't paying attention to anything
rude ass bitch
both of ya
I was walking behind you when you came in, and was like "wait is that fucking Michael"
>grab vodka and head back and look over
"pretty sure that's Michael."
>make a couple more passes
>he's actually in the damn vodka aisle as I'm putting things away.
>I'm 99% sure that's Michael, but I figured he'd say something if he noticed me....wait it's Michael....maybe I should say something.....wait it's Me.
but it gets weirder
I saw FUCKING ROB
but I was in the freezer so he didn't notice me either
my how we've grown apart
⚰
I'm sorry I did this to you
IT GETS WEIRDER STILL
I ran into someone else from high school, not sure you know him, and he came up to me while I was checking the box wine to see if any expired and was like "oh hey, you're the third person I knew from high school I ran into today, but the first to actually notice me!"
and he's just like "You remember that one guy? he died."
and I'm like " ( • u •) damn son."
and then he got some beer and left
wow
I feel so bad for not noticing you
do you want to go get Chinese this weekend?
I'd be offended if
A) I didn't have the ability to just be invisible without trying
and
B) you have the spatial awareness of a fucking stump
I'm working tomorrow, Sunday should be fine if I'm back by 9, otherwise Monday is good
okay just message me sunday if you good other wise  we will work something out for monday
**FUG**
_**IT'S BEAAAUUUTIFUULLL**_
age of wonders 3 free on steam if u claim it
gl
got it
Planetfall looks cool
thx for the 🍆
okay, seeing as I slept for 15 hours, I don't think we're on for Chinese tonight
@Demi Tarot Jared I wanna talk some gayme
Maybe some Commissioner Gordons for sgetches.
@Demi Tarot Its okay
I see you went with the pelvis this evening
ur damn right
jupiter was tempting tho
>Bronze I
What game
Nvm I saw TFT
Today I've drawn some fat horse tits and gained the power to make Fire Emblem knock offs
I feel more accomplished than usual
grats
popped into andru's chat just to pepega at him
ty for your pepegas
this is sad
fucked up
i got my 🅱r set up in my office room now
why do you have a Brazilian  in your office?
that's a good question, jared
@a ghost with purpose repost for importance
❤
@a ghost with purpose wait why's chuck banned now?
fuck'm
:ehehehe: ❔
Nani
its cause he was being a giga bitch and rage quit the server
2nd time hes don e it
there's gonna be a Konosuba movie
I konot subalieve it.
when was the last time you used ur peepee poopoo brain?
:ehehehe:
The available elements for our next dnd campaign
fucking tube
+1 for Light Discord btw @Demi Tarot
WHO CARES WHAT THEME I HAVE PAY ATTENTION TO MY FUNNY JOKE
idk who Lamia is
oh I see
I used Google vision
Well job!
I was gonna draw a belly dancin snek to go along with the joke, but since EVERYONE I POSTED THAT TOO DECIDED TO BITCH ABOUT MY DISCORD SETTINGS, you get *NOTHING*
"+1 for Light Discord btw"
still counts
judge me by my actions, not by the color of my chat program
i see no action
i see words
for i am BLIND
stop judging me for my inadequacies
your dick's inadequate
_capitalism_
it's what made you the way you are
Yo holy shit
@Koala god damn thats tragic
i was lurking his twitch chat today literally thousands of people stopping by to wish farewell/pay respects
almost 12k people stopped by his last vod to say goodbye
aw that's fucking heartbreakingly sweet
ahhh, they're doing live re-runs and I'm v sad
I didn't even know the lad but damn
w
t
f
>trying to speedrun a war despite clearly favoring turtling tactics as seen in his wall building plan
btw i did a thing
ya did it
Ayyyy
Uh
That's not quite how I remember Totoro
Nobody remembers it like that, Stalfos.
Sneakys at it again
I've always wanted to be an artist.
A serial artist.
Actually wait I think that's footage of me before I grew out my hair holy shit.
any of you nerbs gonna want to play the new Wolfenstein with me
hey boy wanna observe my _new melodic harmonies_? @timlives
good answer
There are two versions in that sound file. There is something that I like in each that I'd like to bring into a third iteration.
nice
dunke
interesting song choice
im into it
good content
Ricardo killed the TF2 economy
I visited a find down in Oklahoma City and played a bunch of Pathfinder (technically Starfinder) Society organized scenarios
it's pretty cool
I think I might've caught the tabletop bug again, but like for organized, tracked play this time
I LIKE IT @Koala
yeah it was pretty cool, was there pretty much all day Saturday
@timlives
weiner
that's the best thing I've ever seen
@Demi Tarot @Mujin hello are you working two (2) men free to play video games now-a-moment?
uuuuuh, might be dinnering soon
okay, but do you think you'd be interested?
depends
_after_ wards?
we don't know what but we're willing to discuss
I gotta goat at 7:30 ish
so it's a smol window
after goating though I'm usually fine, but I also need to cleanse myself at some point
ah nvm then 'cuz I feel like it may overlap with when I'm out
picking up morm from work
it's pretty fug
I wonder if @Mujin has a super-secret Discord server or he just minimized the application to system tray with notifications turned off eons ago.
Oh yeah that guy
Oh god not the spook
Kakegurui is something else
Fucking bonkers
I can't stop
@Koala in person games i think are the hot
its just a great thing to play with great people
hard to go wrong if u have that formula down
it was a lot of fun
@timlives
shit
@timlives juice
:tfwLost:
its done
@Koala
oh wtf boiiiii
✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨
Pinned a message.
So now what  @a ghost with purpose
now i stream and farm clout and viewers
maybe compete in tournies if there are any
fight for rank1 if i get dethroned
Make that $$
ya thats the plan
pretty much last game im trying to do as a job so hopefully i take off
see how it goes
just a big step foward 🤞
AHHHHHH!
MY BOYYYY!
AHHHHHHHHH!
༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ´◡` ༽つ
hug?
༼ つ ´◡` ༽つ
❤ thanks guys
AHHHH!
I had a dumb idea for a comic, and my brain kept insisting I draw it, so I did so it would work on better things
I chuckled
You should tweet that, it's pretty funny
I wasn't sure the joke would really land outside the group circle
It's got a Flork of Cows vibe to it
I suppose it's a good vibe to have
Either way I'll like and RT
What he said ^
I disagree.
shooting in dayton pretty fuckin spooky
I haven't really been processing anything
:D
:monkaHS:
:monkaShh:
:peepoFat:
:goteem:
:pepeSus:
:pepeLaugh:
:OMEGALUL:
:pepeLaugh: @timlives
:cecevrOkayW:
:FeelsWowMan:
:POGGERS:
:POGGIES:
:cecevrGrem:
:peepoHappy:
:peepoShrug:
:peepoSad:
:peepoSad:
:peepoSad: :peepoSad:
:peepoSad: :peepoSad:
v
:peepoS:
🥄
🐩
^^^ looks  like a modern art piece made of above + 1
🕴
👬
👭
🌦
🌄
🚜
:ehehehe:
boycheck
I waited a week for this:
oh yeah, was talking with Mikkle while consuming food, might be a lawful evil cross dresser
that looks nice
Jurd playing trap confirmed
I for one welcome the new trap DnD overlord
also, an accurate visual of me meeting with Michael today
I drew a mean boy
look at that, who says jarred can't draw males
I'm leaning bard, but he could also work as an eldritch knight idk
😂
secretly undead
secretly a girl*
(who is actually a guy)
A cross-dressing trap lady who's secretly a girl
(who is actually a guy)
A secretly undead, secretly female, male pretending to be a living woman
Yes. All of the above.
I like steave
you would like steve
I don't what it is about him. I think its his dashing smile.
Pepe is a HK resistance symbol now
A better use than incel memes for sure.
I guess the internet just doesn't actually exist
Correct.
@a ghost with purpose
LOL coh
LOL
I wonder if @timlives packed his bowls
bags*
@mannie.exe no
Did you see the 2nd pic I did, Andrew? I had to go acquire a food and feed things so I missed a possible response
@timlives what about now?
Back on that NKU bullshit
> imagine going to college thinking you'd have good internet
epic games :Pepega:
:Pepega: :Pepega: :Pepega:
Wait when did all these pepe emoji show up lol
Probably a fuckin while ago
i linked this server to my twitch so we get  all my bttv emotes
:POGGERS:
ahhhh
kappa
:peepoDetective:
:peepoDetective:
@timlives How's the NKU?
3
others or including
no 3/10 im by myself
o coo
rip
apex is dead 🦀
That's so cute.
oof ouch
my bones
@timlives
@Demi Tarot do u rike dnd
allegedly
such a nice picture of @timlives ^^^
What a beautiful Norwegian Fjord.
I always knew Michael was a boat
No he's the fjord.
I'm the boat.
Wading in his waters.
UwU
OwO
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
!smug
wait
is the bot gone
god is dead
o nooo
I wonder if I was supposed to maintain it somehow. Maybe it just times out.
Looks like it just ejected out of the server somehow tho
I need smug mannie
I'll add it laaateeerrr
I think it was called Yui.
In fact, find a better one if you can: more commands, more junk — idk. I'll add it.
The thick plottens
I drew the boy Patty saved in her backstory
Looks like it just ejected out of the server somehow tho

KolaYesterday at 8:13 AM
I need smug mannie

hai, ka-ka-kawzuma desuYesterday at 3:45 PM
I'll add it laaateeerrr
I think it was called Yui.
In fact, find a better one if you can: more commands, more junk — idk. I'll add it.
@Koala
I'm actually gonna start looking for some now though, so no worries.
Have you been on other Discords? Did you like any specific bots, mods, add-ons? et cetera?
Oh that message. Sorry I saw a TTV bot in the server and thought it was the new one
Um there's a bot on one of my regular servers
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
boooo gated
yayyy ungated
the pixiv account is free you unending fuck
but why do i have to make one you bottomless twat
🇳🇴 🛑
🕴
🐩
:ehehehe:
:tfwLost:
( ･᷄ὢ･᷅ )
yeeee
look at this cute *catgirl*
Whoa cute bees
#TBT
Tittybutt Torture?
Tingly Bong Technology
_+200 carrying capacity_
@Demi Tarot wannanime night sometime?
Have you seen Mushi-shi, shi?
it's a pretty demo
D
@Demi Tarot hello
how to summon bolton
wait wrong window
myfuckingsides.aac
what the fuck
loook at this shit
such a dark belief
dark sou-
@timlives jupeetar
ouch
I see a Mike Trinity has been formed
yeah it's very cool
💯 / 💯 would observe again
@mannie.exe check out Macross 82-99
Starting with  and it's _GOOOOOD GOOOOOD GOOOOOD **!!**_
__Summer Touch__ is \*_~nice and breezy~_\*
moshimosh ☎ 🤡 @Demi Tarot
busy
wanna watch mu-
rip
The part 3 ED is Walk like an Egyptian is this fucking great @timlives
sneaky does it again
god damn
ho lee shit
hol up
are those titties?
they're fake right?
because if they're not, then I gotta admire for commitment to the bit
so committed he undertook HRT ( '^')7
ye fake titties
Hmm that's a lot of commitment for cosplays huh guys
Pulled it off well
where is the pp
:monkaGun:
:monkaHMM: where is pp sneaky
:monkaHMM:
Sneaky 100
I found a solution to your problems, @timlives
thats really cool
Beat Craft.
I wanna play the game that lets me do the two things I enjoy.
massive beans required @timlives @Demi Tarot to pursue [REDACTED]
guess who got ran out of bed by the police because a pot garden was being grown just off our property~
Sorry about that
good news, they believed it wasn't ours (it isn't)
bad news is mom still had pot, so that got taken and she was slapped with a ticket
oh they searched your house
shiiiiit
not thoroughly, turns out if you're polite and don't make them go through the bullshit to get a warrant, they don't go through your cabinets and flip your furniture
u mean
u got lucky
lucky mom only had 4 plants, if you have 6 or more it's not a misdemeanor anymore
any further offenses and it turns into a felony
would have been hella embarrassing if I didn't let them in, and they got the warrant and assumed we were responsible for the mess, raided the house, had us detained, had dad's guns and my parents ATVs impounded and all sorts of trouble over 2 dead plants and 2 alive (but probably about to die) plants
I cited mom's poor gardening as proof we couldn't maintain jackshit in the woods
Oh I agree that your cooperation in addition to being reaaaaalll lucky saved your asses
all the stress I managed to hold off at the time is creeping in (\_v_)
You did good
yeah, but I only slept 2 hours
I'd like to sleep now but keep feeling like "ew no"
Wow that sucks.
wtf
sad @ the lack of nyandrew in this server btw
i dont like that nickname
Fuckin bald Maltese gnome beating famous WoW guild to 60 :Pepega:
@Koala
Lmao yup
''Method” is a professional raiding guild in the popular MMORPG “World of Warcraft”. Under the guidance of guild master Scott “Sco” McMillan the guild has come to be revered by many as the most accomplished guild of all time with several noteworthy achievements under its belt such as multiple world firsts, high ranking PvP teams and losing the Classic 60 race to a bald Maltese gnome.
''Method” is a professional raiding guild in the popular MMORPG “World of Warcraft”. Under the guidance of guild master Scott “Sco” McMillan the guild has come to be revered by many as the most accomplished guild of all time with several noteworthy achievements under its belt such as multiple world firsts, high ranking PvP teams and losing the Classic 60 race to a bald Maltese gnome.
''Method” is a professional raiding guild in the popular MMORPG “World of Warcraft”. Under the guidance of guild master Scott “Sco” McMillan the guild has come to be revered by many as the most accomplished guild of all time with several noteworthy achievements under its belt such as multiple world firsts, high ranking PvP teams and losing the Classic 60 race to a bald Maltese gnome.
The hell did I witness Kirby riding a homeless scooter for @timlives ?
Ex🅱️lain
🅱️lease
I can't
mc has been cleared too
rag is dead
classic is over
method is still level 45
Wellp
Can't wait for the new WoW Classic content.
Wait
so apparently the dudes who made starbound are kind of fuckers that try to sucker young people into doing free work for them
they literally approached the guy that made the Avali race mod asking for ownership of the race to make them official, and when asked said they couldn't pay them, just give them exposure
ahueahahaahaa**_Ha_**hahathatsuckshaha
hurgle
Bok
Well that's not something you see every day
Thanks for teaching me I can drop images into Serum. I'm shook
Hashire sori ***GIOOOOO***
Labor Day amine? @Demi Tarot @timlives
I really wanna watch Mushu-shi with you boys
@mannie.exe sure
Too bad Jared's dead
todaybor day is labor day? that explains why dad's home
yes
lmaer
michael has yeeted off to foodland
wanna watch Mushi-shi afterwards if you're free? @Demi Tarot
@Koala Would you like to joirn?
can it wait till post goatening?
ok
When is post-goatening?
like 7:30 ish give or take
hrmmm, isn't that two hours from now?
I guess Michael'll will take a bit.
@Koala come on let's watch episode 1 which you weren't here for.
@Demi Tarot gonna wait longerjsjsj
?
did you forget time zones were a thing?
wait you're in the past
so that's less relevant
point is
still got a whole ass hour and change
Still an hour and a half until 7:30, but goards.
I'm confused what the initial question was now
vvv(''''' ^^^^^ '''')vvvvv
vvv
I'll stovvvvvp
chilloop
yay my net is being shitty for no reason again
I'm sure that won't complicate anime watching or anything
goating over'd quickly
hello goato
@timlives @Demi Tarot
@Koala beep?
maimaimaimaimaimaimaimaimaimaim
Carole and Tuesday is finally out on Netflix
Is Slayers on crunchyroll or funimation?
I see it on Hulu
it's Funimation
^') so I know one of you sumbitches has a funnyman account
it played an ad before AND after the opening credits jesus christ
2 ads in a row even
jesus christ what is this
3
okay 4 now, I swear to god the site broke
yeah there's no way it's meant to play this many ads
bolton had one b4 but i think he stopped
funnymanland is fucking stupid
I found another site to watch it, but I guess my internet decided to shit itself because now it's taking like 3 minutes to load 5 seconds
sdfsdfsdfsdf I just wanna watch anime, why is every moment of my life a chore
I don't have a funnymang account
I think we were using Mannie's last night
why do videos buffer when they're already loaded >:c
because :fug:
why is the pizza a tsundere
don't ask me, ask the Japanese
does that say it has baka sauce
yes
はい
please japan its not normal to want to fuck a pizza
the pizza isn't the cute girl
for once
but it's normal to want to fuck the pizza girl
you cant trick my I know that's sneaky
why do you just have pictures of sneaky saved
I didn't order this pizza girl with sausage
big meat pizza
*Meat lover's*
Michael don't shame the boy, it ain't gay it's just "playing pretend"
god that made me feel old
I'm not shaming sneaky Im shaming stfen
Ain't ***nothin*** gay about smashing some ass, Michael
I'll smash your ass
you'll try
and I will succeed
good to see you have your confidence back Michael
oh you'll succ, alright
suck seed
The only thing I can be confident about is how much I can fuck stven
how do I lenny face again?
google it then copy paste
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
👉 👉
no wait
mushi-shi squad?
stephan is now three episoders behind
i'm upm        there
we said this weekend
i have no recollection but I still believe you
Okay sure, :okay:
👌
idkaaa
D&D IS D&DEAD THIS IS THE ONLY GAME WE PLAY NOW
ok
OK
this is pizza
:yuukoPLS:
Yes
MOTHERFUCKING
SMASH
SANS OUTFIT FOR MIIS
COMES WITH MEGALOVANIA
o:
DUNGEON MESHI IS GETTING AN ANIME
NOW NONE OF YOU HAVE AN EXCUSE
mangog
the dungeon meshi anime thing was just a commercial for the new volume
(;^; )
I NEED A HERO
*Doo dooooOOO*
i still don't remember if some of us owned Cube World or not
Anyway new Steam keys will be given on "release" to "alpha" players.
nani
that's still in existence
Magical Sempai is the kind of ecchi trash I never knew I needed in my life
@timlives I finished part 1. Next you're going to say, "part 1 of what" --
part 1 of what
@timlives does my edit help?
oh
***fuck yeah robonazis!!***
okay got my character
Nooooo Ricardo
_Vampire horses?!_
WAIT THAT WAS GRANDPA JOSEPH ALL ALONG??
a) the Indian restaurant worker in JoJo's has the most beautiful unibrow I've ever seen
b) my dad has legit told me stories about pigs shoving their faces into people's toilets before
What a great cultural treat this show has been so far.
@timlives @Demi Tarot any interest in activities?
gnoming
what does it _mean_?
ITAAAAIIIII
AHHHH
SONO BAKAAAA-
eh, nani?
_**ARGHHHH**_
*dead*
👻
daijoubu ka?
IEEEE
a, kimi wa shinde. kuso.
*anata no mukuro wo YEETo shimasu*
  ( x0x)
(/'^')/

(-'^')- ====== ( x0x)
Jaa, owari da
( '^')9

^' )/ Ja ne
)
✝
litchraly the same person
why does steam keep recommending me games where English is not a supported language
quite the polyglot aren't you, you punk?
I made it to the Egyptian deity stands btw.
no i'm not
more like polySLOT
*Serect a currrr!*
**_OHHH! That's a BASEBALL_**
these fake video game title screens and voice overs are killing me
JAGGERS?!
JAGGERSSSSS
And that isn't even the _first_ game published by KFC.
˚∆˚
˚¬˚
@timlives how do u do, punk?
the Yakuza series is a serious crime drama
Most of the comments are about the Onion becoming a reputable source
fuggin gifvs
i don't want to be yote
guess ya' better yeet, pump
@Demi Tarot amine?
Mushi-shi sure seems like a good ider
I kinda wanna die tbh
graet, mushi-shi will phix dat
ass
but this might be healithier
^^^
<3
pleasant
Proceedings of Mushi-shi the episode next later mmm? @Demi Tarot @timlives
busy
darn
yarghn
will you unbusy this evening or are you too busy to comprehend that far in the future? @Demi Tarot
Sunday is gnome gnight
oh i have gno concept of a calendar,
[**this NPC will remember that**]
gnever mind we canceled because everyone was FUCKIN SICK
oh he ded
oh he aliv
there's a 50% chance the mug is correct and this scares me
@Demi Tarot @timlives leggo
I'LL WALK TEN THOUSAND MILES
TEN THOUSAND MILES
TO SEE
**_chu_**
IT'S SEPTEMBER
Nice engagement on this post @Demi Tarot
yeah I have a follower that reblogged it that's pretty god damn popular it seems
a bonus
Rob finally did it
oh are we thingin the thang tonight?
Yall thungin sommin'
?
I DUNNO @mannie.exe ARE WE?
Nog
No*
Fucj
k*
Michael, wanna play a game?
"Yes" - @timlives
@mannie.exe  is this you
sure why not
any of you guys down for drunk anime
mmmmyes
you got any booze MikMakPattyWak
I want something we can chill, laugh, and riff on this time
Mushi-shi is good, but it's too good, we always go quiet when we watch it
maybe I should at @timlives  and @mannie.exe
🤡
👎
Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei
“dear hello, I am sick and not sure if I’ll be alive to come tomorrow and I’m sorry, best slutantions, [name]”.
bleh
don't bleh at me
~BLEEEAT~
@timlives can recommend Vinland Saga
@Demi Tarot wha tht fuk is this chinese cartoon
it's Girl's Frontline, based on the Gacha game
is it actually chinese made
yes
:D
the most relatable pokemon
god
it's a goodie
roasted a tanuki
lmao
Ahhh that's old but gooooold.
ᕕ( '◡' )ᕗ
Brittlebiscuits Shitbucketts has got to be my new favorite made-up name.
nandesukar
You _funk machines_
rude
How tasteful
heg
@timlives hey Carnival Row is pretty good
At least so far. I'm in the middle of the first episode but the world building is pretty good
thats good
Oh shit it might get cthulu-y
@Demi Tarot that action-pose chicken is lit
make him be more like
ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
    <  >
like super crouched, like his head is also trying to stay close to the ground
"upper" body?? torso? I don't orni-orno
the bird words
the bee's knees
Oh my god it is going cthulu-y
Oh fuck. What's it on?
Amazon Prime
it's an original
I have that thread saved lol
wubba lubba doobs you playin minecraft my dood? @Demi Tarot
holy fuck @Mujin ^
yo
i just saw Ad Astra
what a fuckin trip
enjoyable/10 you think?
I reminisce about __Life__ and __The Martian__ sometimes
@Koala ya' know
8/10
it's a more existential tale than those
Hrrrrrmmmmm
Also how far did you get into __Carnival Row__?
hahahahahaaa congratulations @Koala
👌 👌 👌
Thanks bud
@mannie.exe just watched the first episode. Left a very good impression tho
I watched the first episode as well. I kind of like it. I think it has potential. Other than a few gripes that I think might improve over time, I think the setting and characters are interesting. It's very fast though, maybe not my preferred method of storytelling in this case, but it's still awesome in some senses.
Let me know how it goes if you decide to continue watching! I think it'll be a while before I get around to it.
10/10 this wedding has something for everybody
@timlives my pylons are quivering
please lord don't say that
*quivering*
they QUIVER
the resonance is REAL
[vibrates sternly]
@timlives how's wife?
I switched to Discord light. @Demi Tarot
I have never been so enlightened before
you wearing sunglasses to look at it?
cuz sheit
it's bright
you fooru
i am the sungurrasses
fruit
I switched off of Discord light because they ruined it
then Twitch did the same thing
I like it so far. What's the difference?
you know how the sidebars looked in dark mode?
they were like that in light mode too, there was a nice contrast that had everything in nice blocks
then they were like "gray not light. make it bright!" and everything became an eye searing mess and it made everything just a big mess of white, and none of the server icons popped
dark mode is just a mess of gray that all runs together, but at least it isn't migraine inducing
Ahhh, I see. And I agree.
Contrast between conversation and the surrounding UI would've been nice.
Now it's just like
---------->
good to see I decided to catch up on Demon Slayer literally the day before the season ended.
yeet
mf MOVIE CONFIRMED
i'ma see that shit in a theater
I wish I lived in a place cool enough to have animovies
I saw the MHA movie in theaters. had to drive like an hour to get to the one that showed it
damn, drivin a whole ass hour away
listen we can't all live in a rural SE Kentucky hellhole
@timlives
@timlives @Demi Tarot yeet machine joe
wat
er
earth
fire
eeeee
xanatos gambit
mannie@webspinner.dev
I have this now
I mixed these two to make Zi
@Mujin what're you doing in Telduria?
:^O
you alive yet McMack
@timlives *ping*
LADS ASSEMBLE
@timlives AT LEAST ONE LAD ASSEMBLE
HEWWO?
I can't hear you if you speak
ahhh
it's all
_chu chu chu chu_
BUT FUCK IS IT LOUD HOLY SHIT
brb
!_GOT_THIS_FEELING_REALLY_DEEP_IN_MY_SOUL._LETS_GET_OUT_I_WANNA_GO_COME_ALONG_GET_IT_ON._GONNA_TAKE_MY_CAR_GONNA_DRIVE_IT._GONNA_DRIVE_ALONE_TILL_I_GET_YOU_CAUSE_IM_CRAZY_HOT_AND_READY_BUT_YOULL_LIKE_IT._I_WANNA_RACE_FOR_YOU_SHALL_I_GO_NOW._GAS_GAS_GAS_IM_GONNA_STEP_ON_THE_GAS_TONIGHT_ILL_FLY_AND_BE_YOUR_LOVER._YEAH_YEAH_YEAH_ILL_BE_SO_QUICK_AS_A_FLASH_AND_ILL_BE_YOUR_HERO._GAS_GAS_GAS_IM_GONNA_RUN_AS_A_FLASH_TONIGHT_ILL_FIGHT_TO_BE_THE_WINNER_YEAH_YEAH_YEAH_IM_GONNA_STEP_ON_THE_GAS_AND_YOULL_SEE_THE_BIG_SHOW._DONT_BE_LAZY_CAUSE_IM_BURNING_FOR_YOU._ITS_LIKE_A_HOT_SENSATION_GOT_THIS_POWER_THAT_IS_TAKING_ME_OUT._YES_IVE_GOT_A_CRASH_ON_YOU_READY_NOW_READY_GO._GONNA_TAKE_MY_CAR_GONNA_DRIVE_IT._GONNA_DRIVE_ALONE_TILL_I_GET_YOU_CAUSE_IM_CRAZY_HOT_AND_READY_BUT_YOULL_LIKE_IT._I_WANNA_RACE_FOR_YOU_SHALL_I_GO_NOW_GAS_GAS_GAS_IM_GONNA_RUN_AS_A_FLASH_TONIGHT_ILL_FIGHT_TO_BE_THE_WINNER_YEAH_YEAH_YEAH_IM_GONNA_STEP_ON_THE_GAS_AND_YOULL_SEE_THE_BIG_SHOW._GAS_GAS_GAS_IM_GONNA_STEP_ON_THE_GAS_TONIGHT_ILL_FLY_AND_BE_YOUR_LOVER._YEAH_YEAH_YEAH_ILL_BE_SO_QUICK_AS_A_FLASH_AND_ILL_BE_YOUR_HERO._GAS_GAS_GAS_IM_GONNA_RUN_AS_A_FLASH_TONIGHT_ILL_FIGHT_TO_BE_THE_WINNER_YEAH_YEAH_YEAH_IM_GONNA_STEP_ON_THE_GAS_ANY_YOULL_SEE_THE_BIG_SHOW_SEE_YOUR_BODY_INTO_THE_MOONLIGHT_EVEN_IF_I_TRY_TO_CANCEL_ALL_THE_PICTURES_INTO_MY_EYES_DONT_YOU_SEE_MY_CONDITION_THE_FICTION_IS_GONNA_RUN_IT_AGAIN_CANT_YOU_SEE_NOW_ILLUSIONS_RIGHT_INTO_YOUR_MIND_DEJA_VU_IVE_JUST_BEEN_IN_THIS_PLACE_BEFORE_HIGHER_ON_THE_STREET_AND_I_KNOW_ITS_MY_TIME_TO_GO_CALLING_YOU_AND_THE_SEARCH_IS_MYSTERY_STANDING_ON_MY_FEET_ITS_SO_HARD_WHEN_I_TRY_TO_BE_ME_UOOOH_DEJA_VU_IVE_JUST_BEEN_IN_THIS_TIME_BEFORE_HIGHER_ON_THE_STREET_AND_I_KNOW_ITS_MY_PLACE_TO_GO_CALLING_YOU_AND_THE_SEARCH_IS_MYSTERY_STANDING_ON_MY_FEET_ITS_SO_HARD_WHEN_I_TRY_TO_BE_ME_YEAH_SEE_THE_
wow they really put the lyrics to two songs in that file name
Speedd
TO MASASTSU
which day of Octobert did you say we were gonna start
I didn't
it all didn't'd'n
(9'A')9 speak words you dandy fuck
speaking of dandy fucks
inktober 3: spell
:D
I did it in my head because it's dirrttyyyy ewww
are we gonna thing a thing tonight
<> a comic!
get your booze ready, tomorrow is drinkin anime night when I get home from work
how fellatio
dick in mouf
asssssssss
the guy who makes the 3D Jojo OPs made this vid
or so I heard, anyway
you're overlooking the fact that THIS IS A COUNTRY SINGER who made this album WHILE HIGH AS FUCK IN THE HOSPITAL
but it looks like his style
AND THEN MADE A FUCKING ANIME FOR THE ALBUM
there is no part of this story that isn't bat tits insane
I watched it last night, was pretty neato
but learning that he made it while jazzed out his mind in the hospital makes *a lot* of sense now lol
happy to have been exposed to Sturgill Simpson tho, he's a good artist
and I'm very much not a country fan
Here comes dat boooooooi
it's me I'm the boi
time for amine
@timlives
shid
Jared knocking on my door in the discord since I started browsing animemes regularly
@timlives
wait why did michael beat-up another angel because of that one Tenacious D song that might be a mythological reference too in which stan is musically fucked in Georgia?
To keep the secrets™?
I think the other angle is Lucifer
ohhh okay, those are the two times he was fucked
yes
yes yes
alternatively Michael just really loves beating the shit out of angels
thanks, I saw it as a continuity, and not a 2-item list in-between the other two panels
ya' jknow
Michael's walking to class, sees the glow of a halo out of the corner of his eye, this starts playing
***O N E   M O R E   G O D   R E J E C T E D***
I want to go back in time to tell my parents to name me literally any thing else
but you have a legacy
:michael:
Since I have a legacy can I end please
no
but you don't need me any more you got :michael:
look do you really think that fucker's got a chance against Agamemnon the fuck upper?
...wow I spelled that right on my first try
Do you think I have a chance against Agamemnon the fuck upper?
.             :Gondola1:
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:  :Gondola2:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:  :Gondola3:
you got this
:fug:
@timlives
Have you ever just felt attacked before?
god
What am I?
was watching more Sam O'nella, god the freud one
god
yeah we got him too
blop
ahhhh what a fucking twist
I'd join ya' but I gotta
I gotta do it
I gotta
I gotta do it
I gotta
@Demi Tarot
well I was afk anyways
'^')
@timlives
also to illustrate how my brain operates.
I had lunch at Arby's because it was connected to Little Ceaser's and my parents wanted me to buy a pizza and bring it home....even though by that point it would be ice cold but I digress.
I was in a funk, so I was like "let's get a turnover as a small treat"
but another part of me was like "son, you don't need to be tossing out money like that."
after a brief argument, I ended up just buying a smaller combo and the turnover, so I got my treat and spent less money s( '^')z
is that how people brains usually work? Like wildly different bits of personality arguing with each other over trivial stuff?
me: *flips pillow over to the cold side and goes back to sleep*

nurse who's been watching me in a coma for the past 5 years:
:michael:
:agamemnontl::agamemnontr:
:agamemnonbl::agamemnonbr:                            :michael:
💀
fooooound it
gay men
game ends
s gay m
Blizzard: We are not slaves to China! We just want to focus on games instead of politics
Also Blizzard:
s l u t
need to see full tweet
ok i need inspiration
someone link me
best girls
he said girls
ok jared im making a game where you absorb the soul of the goddess of death and destruction and set off on a quest to restore balance to the world by undoing the work of the goddess of life
u also collect a harem of cute girls
and i need to create cute girls
I will give my life to this cause
god bless
thats why i link
as initial inspiration
but they are not cute enough
I'd offer my 2 cents, but I'm busy being a cute girl in OpenLegend
one day i might contract you for your 2 cents but im broke bitch rn so dont worry about it
but if ur up for any charity cute girl crafting i would appreciate any of it
I desperately want to slap my name on a project and see it finished within my life, and you're a bro so I'd be willing to do this for....*exposure*
tried scribbling more shitty maps but Gyazo is being a bitch ass punk and not uploading my shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
fine whatever the map sucked anyway >:c
gib
mab
Xionos
Xochitl
Aurialla
Auriala
Gesundheit
@Demi Tarot
@timlives as well
has anybody already linked "John I Want a Divorce"?
Rito made a card game?
ye
and theyre making a shooter
and a fighty
god damn, if only they weren't like 100% owned by Tencent
i have little faith riot is capable of making a good game
they have 1 game so far and its not even good
also im up  to 2000 words on this project counting notes
👏
productivity :FeelsWowMan:
hell yeah
man what kind of generated name is "Lynnlyn"
heard u like lyn n ur lyn
_**TETSUOOOOOOOOOOO**_
while I wait for dinner, what are some good bits of content I can toss in while a party is traveling a sizable distance from point A to point B? little side problems in various towns that block their way?
rockslide, sinkhole, the plague, a workers union strike, small scale political unrest, big cow, many small cows, depression.
anything that tells something about the land or people
something interesting, hopefully
I like the cows idea
I agree with Kansas man — specifically many small cows. I’m proud of you @timlives
@timlives hey bud
How’s... 1:30 in the afternoon?
alright I suppose
Also look at Adobe TypeKit
*T-minus 68 to Padoru*
Duck
Love Is War S2 confirm
***LET'S GOOOOOOOOO***
Yeeeeees
How cute.
kawaii, ne?
did you see this @Koala
:monkaHMM:
Yes I did
:HYPERS: :HYPERS: :HYPERS:
such crusader very kings
They went very true to form by announcing it by killing an infant child
yeah, that seems like the most crusader kings thing to do
I thought there was no way to make an ad for your game about killing a baby but that was pretty cool and tactful
What they didn't show is the baby grabbing the snake and killing it
alpha
Iirc it can happen in CK2 lol
That's amazing
<chat>
</chat>
that’s just how chat sometimes be like
Demon Slayer is a great Manga because all the action scenes and stuff are so nice and well drawn, but like every 3rd panel looks like this
what is that
Kimetsu no Yaiba: Demon Slayer, the hip anime of the year
And the anime does that too lol
It'll go from this
To this
lmao
post Angry Box Nezuko
Behold: the demon box loli
🤣
what a beautiful initiation into the box land
Jesus... stay back!
Lurkin stance
The only pic I’m allowed to take
@Mujin where u at boi
ur boy is tryina work at twitch
Oshit
Ah fuck, my boy is in fuck.
What the fuck.
@Mujin
hold up im ded @a ghost with purpose
ye
🗡 🐧
:monkaGun:
:AngryArthur:
MAMAAAAAAAAAA uwu
oh no
nuts
@Demi Tarot please DM a solo campaign
ily
I've played a handful of solo campaigns...for reasons....that shit is tough to balance
Okay, what if I play a mid-level monk or fighter that might last multiple, lower level enemies so it's still cool?
Cleric, but no, I wanna kill things.
so a Paladin
OKAY WAIT
Rogue campaign?
Clerics can still be competent murderers though
Sneak-sneak?
or some other gimmicky shit?
Arcaneplane bomber unit? I have an ammunitions guy?
It's Arcane Tussle IV?
mfw no Arcane Tussle IV
:tfwLost:
rofl
🤣
The "is typing" was enough. Thank you.
@a ghost with purpose
🙂
thats gnarly dimensional
@Demi Tarot FREE?
no I'm very expensive
Okay, let me tempt you with an honest question and a good time.
NO WINK
sounds mad gay
whateva foo
you got JACKBOX??
no
HEARD
I know of it, most times I get dicked over from stream lag
@a ghost with purpose my boy is getting a tv show
It's going to be Big Bang Theory but esports
***ZIMBABWE***
rofl
gamers rise up
why is he like this
who hurt him
i love his alien pleasure noises
as he softly moans
and watches
did u kno Phil is actually short for Philadelphia? All praise Dr. Philadelphia
Did u kno that Phil is actually short for Philharmonic?
@a ghost with purpose are u slep
rip
nah i was taking a shower
oh gorsh
uwu
I swear
Can I roll initiative?
@a ghost with purpose can we talk music? I wanna make mouth noises and talk about gods and key changes.
ye
on
minut
nut
lol Jesus is live @a ghost with purpose
jesus was trash
man don't be rude to hay-zeus
man one of the songs didn't have any beat, just a car alarm
I'd hop in the call but I'm being dragged to town to act as a gofer and booze discount card
nice
should be back in like an hour though, only going to Pineville
MARK ZUCKERBURG
goddamn Jesse Eisenberg
I think about that comparison a lot.
Who really shat himself — the pants or the vegetale
who u callin a vegetable
:cecevrFire: :cecevrB:
:monkaHS:
@Demi Tarot gerk
gerkins
Kanye is something else
i shiggy diggy The Outer Worlds
It's like Fallout NV and KOTOR
the story is pretty cool so far, and the writing and world building are very good
>Phoebe unable to stay smooshed in his pocket starts spilling out
"Oh my god, is that slime in your pocket?"
"No!... I'm just..... happy to see you?"
>Phoebe splats on the floor
"I swear this has never happened before, you're just so beautiful."
amaze
what happens next
@timlives i summon thee in the name of thriendship
lmk when you get back @timlives
@mannie.exe  back
👀
nice
@Demi Tarot I think the guy who couldn't stop doing the hand thing kill himself.
Presumably because he too, couldn't stop doing the hand thing.
oh wow he kicked it a long time ago
nearly a decade
I thought it was a jo🅱e
but it had a 10th anniversary video
the hand thing
idk about who controls Miss Shaye Saint John's channel now, but Eric Fournier, the OG died in Palm Springs, LA in 2010.
damn
fucking
alcoholism-induced internal bleeding
Have you drank so much you bled before? Jeeeeeeee-
~~watch sasuke twerk to jason derulo~~
but she's a Nee-chan
when people Padoru at me
*Hashire sori yo*
need this today
is this _ass_?
oh, ass!
i slept for 4 hrs then fell back asleep and slept for 7 more hours
very cool body
my cats back on the routine of waking me up every 3 hours to be hosed down with a spray bottle
amazing
ah man
That Witcher movie
The exposition was jarring at first
The focus of the narrative feels narrow... but I think that’s alright
i just wanna see gerry bash some monsters and bang some babes
also mannie can u change our server name to light blue
ty
Just tunneled on the “I’m-not-a-monster Monster” vibe and then shifts to, “I’m neutral leave me alone.”
i mean our tag color
ello
beautiful
oh that actually feels nice
Matches my picture
it makes you feel less aggressive
I’m also just looking at my own name like, “aheheh”
shut up baby I know it
I am tamed
zaggit
I’m taking all.
Chonk
gah
what is that
a cat
still doing it?
still doing that hand thing?
I can't stop doing the hand thing
gosh what is that??
I am not doing the *~_ahoyahoyahoyahoyahoys_~*
fuck
Let's say you've been a bad girl. Let's say, hypothetically, you've been a naughty girl even. Ok, and if you were a naughty girl, you would be my dirty little slut right? Then hypothetically speaking, you would be my little cumslut. Now, let's say you're also daddy's girl.

Now that we have established that you are both a bad girl and daddy's girl, I believe you'd agree with me when I say that you deserve a spanking. Am I not correct? A bad girl deserves a spanking, and as I am daddy, you are my girl, so I am the one who must provide punishment.
Wet's say you've been a bad giww. Wet's say, hypotheticawwy, you've been a naughty giww even. Ok, and if you wewe a naughty giww, you wouwd be my diwty wittwe swut wight? Then hypotheticawwy speaking, you wouwd be my wittwe cumswut. Now, wet's say you'we awso daddy's giww.

Now that we have estabwished that you awe both a bad giww and daddy's giww, I bewieve you'd agwee with me when I say that you desewve a spanking. Am I not cowwect? A bad giww desewves a spanking, and as I am daddy, you awe my giww, so I am the one who must pwovide punishment.
KappaHK
final doot
🎺
Diablo 4 is a thing
lilith is a cool character but that cinematic was not great
Stefan entering the call
a jam
finally
ITS LIKE A WHOLE NEW GAME
the joke is Nero would probably request that
well dang
you may call me _bitch lasagna_, no caps
@timlives
@timlives
@timlives
always refreshing to be subjected to a night of playing cards with my relatives and the usual casual racist conversation
*dab*
send help
🎁{ 🇭🇪🇱🇵}
noooo
what
hell yah
Are you guys ready for
**1 AM TWO**
ah shit here we go again
man i cant believe only 20 minutes passed since you posted jared
this must be the work of an enemy stand
:PepeHands:
T'was I, Demi!
it's a Yakuza reference ~~the Jojo reference is later when I erupt out of a Demiling~~
nice
what does this mean
That almost reads like a very short story.
KONO DEMI DA
ORE-SAMA DA!
*Epilepsy warning*
Hey, no making me cry during work
no deal
These are angery tears too
I want to laugh at sins not cry at tragedies
sentient and caring skeletons are my only weakness
Me: "I really need to buckle down and get SUPER SERIOUS with my work on this."
Me Literally 10 minutes later:
I wish Nero was my manager
stephan are you ok
do u need help
i'm ok
i had borgar
is ur office being assaulted by christmas music
actually no lol
it seems my coworkers have common sense and decency
I just get blasted with country music
(;^; )
yeah i'd take xmas music
@timlives
nice
pretty wild
wowee
virginia got flipped to dem too
kinda crazy
bless
geddit
mood
a _werewolf_ wearing _weresheeps'_ clothing? @Demi Tarot
ye
I have arrived at ~_maximum_~ **onii-chan**
@doakZ out there having a mental crisis over bitches
nice
GOOD ONE JARED
@'ing doakz
:OMEGALUL:
_>almost 2020_
@Demi Tarot sorry jared
my exile is unrelated, but still fuck you
"I'm sorry but I can't stop thinking about dicks" - Michael 'DICKS' Bolton, 2019.com
Pinned a message.
harassing friend
god damn facts
tfw your face becomes a point.
aight, while I did get slapped with a morning shift on Saturday, it still seems to be 7 hours instead of 8
meaning things are slightly more reasonable
congrats
not quite as nice looking as the previous, but how about an illusionist stage magician that is their own lovely assistant AND the rabbit in their hat?
@Koala
No
I refuse to believe God would allow such a creation
Is this an OC?
yeah was talking about surefour's oc art competition
and how he hosted a 10k competition and got a shit ton of fan art
entries, i guess
I was going to say "lol he just didn't want to pay for comms"
But I remembered he gave 1000 bucks to 11 folks
So he did, in a way, pay for comms
very cool tumblr
mood
Demiling detected in Super Mario Galaxy 2
bye oyob @timlives
see ya' when ya' comebaack
I was floundering trying to make more things similar to Sheepwolf, but it kept looking jank, and then I noticed how jank the guiding lines were, so I did a redraw
FINALLY FUCKING FOUND IT
this is amazing
wtf is that
it looks like a map from AC:O
@a ghost with purpose wtf the patched JESUS IS KING is actually better
ye
I relistened to “Use This Gospel” and him opening with “glad you waited” was funkier than intended
drew a friend's lady to test FAT TIDDY on this style
is the goal of the style just to do a chibi look with quick and easy coloring
it's not super quick and easy it's AESTHETIC
I'm trying to get something that looks nice, and is consistent
once I get the swing of it, I do plan on using more layers of color to make it more robust
but cutesy "hand drawn" looking things for bleak gothic settings are always in vogue
oic its like a development of those characters u drew for goth loli game
yeah, this is a style I'd use if I ever did those again
i dont think im a big fan of the aesthetic but for what it is, looks nice
you're not GOTH enough
I don't think thats it :OMEGALUL:
weeb goth
Liar Princess and the Blind Prince do a sketchy cartoony style for a kind of grim game
i can appreciate it, just not my favorite kinda style
that's fair
I really like the monster design in that game though, and the story is cute
the princess is a wolf, that apparently had a nice singing voice, and a prince is like "This girl has a nice voice, I wonder who she is." and the wolf liked the prince, but she was a wolf, so when he started climbing up there, they both freaked out and she accidentally claws his damn eyes out. So she goes to a witch and is like "I'll give up my voice so make me a human" so then she goes in human form to visit the Prince, who got locked away for running away or something, so she turns into a wolf and busts him out, then back in human form decides to take him to the witch to get his eyes fixed
so she has to escort the blind boy through a dangerous forest by switching forms to deal with puzzles and enemies, because she can't let him know she's a wolf
sounds p cute
I think the screenshot you linked shows some more detail to depth through line work, but I see the most of that in your pic in the shirt between the titties and the end of the scorpion tail — which like, fair enough.
There’s not enough detail in the line work that conveys depth, so it feels like it’s just colored over. Depth is more apparent in your piece in the lighter regions, which is kinda’ obvious because you have more raw values to work with, but that same technique doesn’t show a wide enough band of tones work in the darker regions.
Except you capture it well in the end of the scorpion tail, despite it being darker. The specular reflection gives it a real, spherical quality.
Gotta apply that around all edges throughout the rest of the geometries to show depth. You gotta emulate light a little better, it’s that interaction that sells this. @Demi Tarot
yeah, I was focusing on the structure more than the color for now, once I get it solid, I was gonna add more focus on the colors and color the outlines and stuff too
Sweet. Try to think about tones with shapes too, because generally they’re codependent. Best of luck with the second pass.
why
when i get out of bed and sit at my computer im tired as fuck
but when i lay down in bed im wide awake
end me
I gotta wake up in less than an hour for work
I was exhausted since I rolled out of bed, then I went to sleep at 2 and woke up at 3 and haven't been able to stay down since
oh yeah you have retail hell today
godspeed
mornings are super slow, I just kind of sit around till a customer buys something, then just immediately restock it
it doesn't pick up until about the time I leave
just creepily yet stealthily following behind customers
I'm a bit more subtle than that
--I mean
when it's slow I can sit up front and see what they buy from the register, I don't have to glance over while I'm grabbing other things to put in the freezer
are u pretty much by yourself
nothing to do + no one to shoot the shit with
go next
pretty much me and a cashier or two
but they're middle aged women
unlucky
fuck, now the sleepy hits
take drugs
sitting here waiting to start my car so it can heat up. the wait is murder (v'^')v
I was always early to class back when I went to LMU because I got antsy waiting for the right time to leave
early is good except for when its skull-crushingly boring
early is when I SLEEP
even if I did sleep before hand I always get tired as soon as the sun comes up
yeah fuck being awake right now
absolutely cannot imagine going back to like highschool morning schedule
god, having to wake up at 6 to shower and catch the bus on time
at least I could sleep on the bus, now I'm the one fucking driving
car rides also make me sleepy, driving while tired scares the hell out of me
and in the winter it's worse, since I need to turn the heat on to not freeze to death, but one time ONE TIME I left the heat on too high and it made me drowsy and I fucking fell asleep for one second, and have never felt safe again
yeah i feel that, I've dipped on class/work before to avoid driving after a 24hr
car accidents fucking spook me and I've not even had any bad vehicle experiences, cant imagine my paranoia if i were in your shoes
yeah after that one wreck, I still flinch if I see a car pull up on my right side too fast
I lost that car, and felt like a total chode, but I got off lucky, no one was injured
had to go to court because of the ticket since it was my fault, but that basically amounted to waiting in line for 2 hours for the judge to say "well your car got totaled, I think you learned your lesson, get outta here"
car defrostin' T-minutes 9 minutes till I leave
at leeeeeeeeast it's paydaaaaaay
fuckin cars
heeeeeeeere wwwwwwwwwwwe goooooooo
10 minutes was not long enough
nice
man I want to play a GAME today
i think its gonna be civ6
might be fun to join in on that if I ever recover from my *Owfuckitis*
im probably gonna sit here staring at my steam library for 2-3 hrs before saying fuck it and playing nothing
cute
me all day
same
:fug:
ah fuck michael
ah fucking shit
ah fucking fuck my dude
FUCK
@timlives
_that_ moment feels infinitely cool(er)
@Demi Tarot wyd?
eternal darkness
thanks, fuck face
@timlives frenland
garbercage mcmilton
:fug:
@timlives are current AMD CPUs garb?
Ryzen 9 3900X looked ni
no they are actually in some cases a better choice than intel right now
well ignite me on fire and call me gasoline
ok wow so yeah the Ryzen 9 3900X is apparently a prime choice rn
I gotta get swole man
fucking SWOLE
AGGGHH
also what fucking polyhedron are these packages??
beautiful 😆
is that... 12 pentagons?
14? 13? gosh
wait what the fuck is a threadripper
got it
oshit it releases this month
Threadripper is AMD's workstation cpus
god I wanna work that station and rip some threads so hard rn
no hobo
alright, let's look at motherboard manufacturers
wow wtf
$500 and $730 respectively.
back at it again at the scribbly cream
@Demi Tarot instant improvement
improvement in the tone variance across her blue skirt as well as the hair
but the light palette of hair might have too much orange (or the dark is too maroon)
I think you can definitely go further
the dark was meant to be maroon
ah then de-brown/orange the other tone a little and see how that looks
pretty solid improvement
I was thinking that I like showing value by the line density more than using another color over top of it
That’s a really good way of doing that. I see it in the skirt.
im a fan of Machete
the lighting is also nicer, but the right (from camera) bangs have too big of a shadow being cast on it from the hair over it
one final thing — zoom in. take 3-4x times as long to think about surface qualities and textures and lay your lines in close, and if you’re not doing fine line work, don’t be afraid to switch to a larger brush
though keeping a uniform line size helps practice and keep the sketchy aesthetic, I think the design would flourish with more variation in ink size
also try additive coloring / color sculpting
you can always try to develop tones and shades before you recolor into a particular art style
understandably, most of this advice may be irrelevant to your current style
what are your goals for your current aesthetic?
@Demi Tarot
I'M FUCKIN BUSY
i’m just saying gosh
@mannie.exe
hello
oh sorry just trying to taunt aggro off jared so he can do his shiz
100%
amazzling
jurd busy GNOMIN' rn
Rick and Mort Season 4
is that out
ye I watched it on adult swim's site
never been a fan but im sure ill see an uptick of R&M memes
1s
:yuukoPLS:
oop
wat
wat?
i thought u oop'd for somethin
I ooped because I left while you were saying something
oh, just that i was looking forward to the shiz tmrw
:peepoShrug:
how would u rate new rick and morty btw
was it good
yeah it was aight, I got a few good chuckles
new brick and batter
new brick and bitters
new brock and and martyr
new bridges and margins
rickert
alright I’m done
sudden hay gathering expedition occurred, probably not gonna manage half the shit I wanted to today but that's fiiiiiiine
lmao
I ended up getting reminded that I had to take mom somewhere between 11-12 after waking up at 7 to be "productive"
I guess it hasn't been that long yet, but I still feel like (haven't) done that much shit today.
time is wack
I have a headache
It feels like it's going to turn into a migrain
I forgot to eat breakfast then ate 3 slices of pizza (at once)
I would like to be slain peacefully.
have you been drinking fluids
yes but the leeches keep draining me
my favorite game of 2014 was dick lickem forevers @timlives
hello
pls
@timlives
rip
hello
it cut out again
well
guess it's the end of this old road
rip
uhhh
yes
but no
it ded
yes
hold up
>today's plans
Lyn portraits and lineing a commission
>accomplished
Sketch of a portrait
:fug:
hebe
heebee
:fug:
negative 1 sketch (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
:fug:
blurd of borcraft
i'm working on it @timlives
animemes is celebrating 666k subs with Satania day
also
>6969
*Nice*
nice
why does everyone love this shit
oh hey it's Rob shitting on the moon
that's piss you uneducated mugwort
no mugworts are too good because they're hot
and aromatic
mugworts are not my sexual fetish
man there are some fanatical pokemon fans out there
hasn't that been the case since the 90's?
yeah, but its an issue now because this pokemon is kinda bad
other than the massive cut to pokemon in it, what have people been complaining about? seems standard fare so far
dexit and removal of mega evolutions are the big things gameplay wise
but bigger than that people are pissed that gamefreak lied about why they decided to make those cuts
they basically said "we had to remove that content so we could focus on making new models and animations"
which has been proven false as all returning pokemon not cut are on the same model and only a few animations are changed
they also didnt even tell their japanese audience about dexit
just announced it in NA and apparently domestic japanese fans are pissed
I heard the main thing with the animations and junk not carrying over properly from SuMo was because the games coding was really sloppy
but that's just a thing I hear
what pisses me off is that pokemon is the highest grossing video game franchise and gamefreak is DOWNSIZING their studio instead of upsizing
so no surprise the games are getting smaller in scope
and people are pissed the graphics are barely being changed going from handheld to console
well that could be attributed to said downsizing
I'm just surprised Gamefreak is actually working on a new non-pokemon game for the first time in decades, but I don't think it should have split the staff that drastically
heard a lot of veteran pokedevs were working on that so some new people could go at Pokemon with a new perspective, though it doesn't seem all that new really
it stings a lil extra cause all the other nintendo ip had great titles so far on the switch
like, very expansive and innovative generally
compare ultimate's "every smash character ever made and a hundred more"
to this
is pretty lame
I always knew pokemon was eventually going to have to call it quits on including literally every pokemon, but they did it way too late and now everyone is expecting it, and the way they handled it seems really haphazard with no real pattern or rhythm. No previous gen starters except Charizard who gets a unique dynamax form after his punk ass got 2 Mega forms
Mega Forms were also something I was iffy on. They seem cool but again it only applies to a handful of mons out of hundreds
the issue is less the content being gone and way more their approach
"guys we need to cut back, we dont have the resources to include all the pokemon"
fuck off you guys are rich as hell
"guys we want to cut back, the story will be way better if we cut back and focus up"
ok dad
I don't even know if it's the resources so much as the practicality
I think we hit over 1000 this gen
gamefreak just actin hella scummy got me pissed up
this post and top comment sums up the pokemon stuff
how's that project thing @timlives
( =w=) I forgot to make monster tokens
@Demi Tarot thankfully we didn't have to observe tonight
ahhehe is Stormcrow with playing you guys btw? @Demi Tarot
nope
o ok
do you still speak with Amador? :x
Amador, that's a name I've not heard in years
that answers that I gueeeess 😂
🔪🔪🔪
guess I'll get a month of nitro
sweet
boost me
BOOST ME
@Koala
please
we need two boosts to get to lvl 1
fuck
I have one left
okay
I might get a ~~job~~ boost
:Jammies: :PepoDance:
I have *the power*
oh my fuck
he has the power
why did you subject me to that?
also nice _Ultimate Showdown_ throwback
very cool
widepeepoHappy
ok fuck this
@Demi Tarot @timlives  im dead
bed
rest in potatoes my guy
night
think my pressure's back time to yeet myself into the cleansing box
gote
🐐
izzatafunjojrefren?
This...is...real...(?)
what the fuck
god
the latest chapters of Komi san
they're so good
impeachment hearings are insane
cant force myself to keep watching
I can't stop eating popcorn
stephan have u seen the twitch streams of them
watching chat spam 4Head and shit
is hilarious
Lmao
Rep Nunes, mang. What a mong
Wait what’s happening
I am so not watching it over that one Denzel Washington movie.
or something entirely different.
@timlives do you wanna watch Mushi-shi in a bit?
I'm in jared Dnd that he do tonight
o
Correct
You have passed.
oh shit twitter previews all the images now
Nice
I only see one on mobile, but maybe on desktop
I see all of them on android mobile
tfw you sent @timlives a good morning Snap 3 days ago and it still hasn’t been opened
i sent dicc
pls respond
>I showed you my benis answer me
man the half life trailer is popping off
lots of people talking about buying VR just to play it
(that's the pop team epic guy)
At least it isn’t the painal dimension
Hello @timlives
why @ me after talking about painal
also hello
Un
Related
What’s good my dood
I have been busy all day
Busy being cool ay
How’s school, foo’?
look at the pain dimension again. kinda like that
Visceral
I can’t get rid of the phrase “shoot your goo, my dude” out of my head
Anyway, you wanna do some
media
assimilation?
maybe what do yo want to watch
I wanna watch a clock.
Or maybe something on Nuttflix. Or anime.
If I @ Jared Andrew will shit down my neck but I think he’s dead anyways, so no Mush
You wanna watch Hajime no Ippo?
🥊-(‘^’ )
It’s okay if it’s a nurrr @timlives
I was just thinking
uh can we just watch random youtube videos
lyge wat
You got a plaaaaylist in mind, or some coooontent?
I have a few thing in mind but would mostly just  randomly pick from either recomeneded or memory
👍
I will have to run an errand at an unspecified amount of time for 20 minutes but idk when that'll be
I miss Vi keybindings in Discord now, Michael.
alright it's dead, I was already setting the other one up but yeh @timlives
I had a dream that I saved Michael from being murdered
I apologize
rats
how's it bleeding Jared
I want to die in the process of making a video game.
I don't want to start. I don't want to finish it. I just want to be making it, and then never wake up.
have you tried starting it?
have you tried-
yes
once you start, you won't be starting anymore
That would be so cool if I didn't definitely start a bunch of times already.
something I do a lot of times is leave my stuff open, so I don't have time to second guess myself during the boot up process
:D
that's wicked
it works pretty well
guess I could just read that one book I started
definitely want to second-guess the book choice all the time because I read each one so slowly -- because I second-guess the book choice each time
fuck
alright, do... find a way to develop a video _rn_ do I read _the book_.
damn
damn damn damn
jared
tell michael to get alcohol for the weekend
I mean, he'll see it when he's here
but will he?
will he jared?
what does it really bean to see?
v( '^')v
see, i believe you believe that he believes that we believe that at least i believe that i believe that you'll see michael more than i will, but what do you believe?
what server is this
can't even recognize it anymore
Are we animeing tinight?
Not sure if I need to buy more rum
What were you thinking of watching?
I dunno, but I bought another bottle anyway
@timlives what do you say?
I don't know
my god
do you need a drink of water my guy
a drink of some succulent h2o
cuz i have apples but not grapes
wat
Omg
Magical Sempai has an English dub
what were we watching last time
I know we finished Inferno Cop, didn't we move on to something else?
I think so. I think you, Michael, and maybe Stephan started something? Was in the mangaka anime?
rip Mushi-shi
oh yeah, Nozaki-kun
that one
I watched some episodes of Turning Girls yesterday
That was interesting.
bleep @timlives
is he already dead
Yeah prolly
Time to drink alone
same
powerful
Wait so the middle face is a guy?
Is that what this is saying?
yeah
I...
you should be immune to this by now
fuckin normie
Reeeee
that cuteboi is the centerpiece for a reason
*Just cute boys doing cute things*
Good morning I guess
Wait, afternoon.
good morn
I'm not sure what I've done counts as sleep but I'mma just roll with it
also I never mentioned it but this is an actual thing
Congrats boiiii
I started drinking two hours ago
Might have Been too soon
probs
wtf Charles
>implying Raphtalia would ever get in his pants
steam sale btw
is it op
there's some decent deals, I thin
k
cannibalism
Trill finally snapped and its glorious @Demi Tarot
is that the kung pow penis man?
I don't think so but you used to share his tweets about anime or something and I ended up following him
wait
yes
those were probably by accident
yes he is
he's one of those guys that just seems to show up on every post, and I don't realize it until someone says kung pow penis
lmao
he spend a lot of time on twitter
he has decent takes on stuff for the most part
yeah, despite him constantly getting ragged on, I don't see a lot of stuff that really warrants it
he also spends as much time complaining about the tumblr/twitter folks that complain about everything having a "x problem"
on the whole he's been a good, entertaining follow
feels good to be home
what a jod
your a jod
oh well thanks!!
no homo
>:c
zaggit 👉🤷‍♂️🦵
congrats on home
happy eat food day
happy food
are u eat @timlives
not yet
Hap turk
dog
dog
Happurr Turkurr
Here’s turkey
🤚
mannie there is already a turkey emoji 🦃
yeah
:tturkLurk:
I agree
:monkaGun: 🦃
🦃 💦
Thanks, I hate it.
The last two are out of sync
This is worse than Mikls kerning
lmao refresh Discord
I ran into freakin Darren at work
oh no
what did he buy
I need to know what booze he drinks
because then I can make fun of the booze he drinks
oh he was probably home for the holiday
I ran into freakin Micheal at work
I think he got Michalob Ultra
Darren that is
last I saw McMac he was perusin the rum/tequila aisle
damn it
>when I'm complaining about something inconvenient and someone tells me to "look on the bright side"
this is some dystopian social shit
fucked up comment -- useless automatic social reply
Happy cake day!
Maybe. There is nothing wrong with being tangential, but I wish people did that less when they didn’t just know what else to say.
I dunno if I'm just jaded, but I just get really : | when I get a bunch of birthday wishes from people who haven't spoken to me in years and then they continue to not speak to me for more years
also get really **: |** when people get MAD at me for not being super duper excited for my Spawning Day
I don't even tell people my birthday anymore, I don't really hide it, but like, I don't flaunt it or nothin
Exactly. I find it’s better for me to find my own need to celebrate my birthday than have people around me be excited for me. Kinda’ defeats the purpose sometimes, though often it’s like — man, I wish I could share your enthusiasm.
not to mention, like, if you don't do anything for it, and have nothing to really get excited about and people are like HEY HAPPY, BE HAPPY, WHY AREN'T YOU HAPPY, it's really god damn stressful like "fuck, let me live my life, that's my present to myself."
fuuuckkk, that’s triggering me. I think people are afraid of unhappy people. They recognize their own happiness is fleeting so they try to convert everybody else. Like couldn’t I just be “okay” on my birthday because I know it’s meaningless but cute and that I’m working on my own goals and milestones and reserving my happiness for what I really care for? Rants aside, forcing others to feel any way is kinda’ annoying. I don’t need a fucking hype man. I am my own hype man. I just don’t wanna be hyped right now, but thanks I guess for making me feel worse. 😂
wtf
HASHIRE SORI YO
KAZE NO YOU NI
TSUKIMIHARA WO

***PADORU PADORU***
dec 1
:peepoSad:
and I am like 3 drawings in debt and finished no non patreon commissions last month so this one's gonna be busy
:monkaHS:
I don't remember
I feel like its the 6th
but I don't know
Okay
Thanks beeb
Are you still in Kentuckerr btw? @timlives
I remember you were gonna have to play ping pong with your location between the holidays.
I never leave Kentucky
help
mood
😂
I’ll come join.
Hey guys
Did u no
Jessica Nigri
Is kinda hot
she's no Sneaky but--
show butt @Koala
@a ghost with purpose gotchu homie
:leonGASMHANDS:
i lost
guys
i might be retarded
one of my case fans has been broken since i built my pc last summer
i just set up external fan to blow on my pc and my cpu temp went from like 70 celsius to 45
very cool
I
...aight I got nothin
"very cool" indeed
oooweee
@a ghost with purpose
pog
many
think I got you matched on dumbassery Andrew
just realized this entire time I somehow never installed ccleaner on my desktop
no wonder it was so god damn slow it had 6 gigs of junk needed ing to get wiped out, jesus christ
rookie mistakes
No
there's nothing more feminine than a good ole dick
A 🅱️eminine 🅱️enis
yeha
!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x885b60b259d12ba1:0x86365d4ff13a9fd6!8m2!3d36.7646712!4d-83.5098673
"I'm a Stupid Chaotic UwU Baby" - Micheal " Misalignment Chart" Bolton 2019
Pinned a message.
oh hey tiddys
i liek mik
Sycnvziase
Enewuru
gesundheit
Yukari Tamura
Yuuichi_Nakamura
Tomoaki Maeno
Miki Shinichiro
yandere in a BL show
I...
caring mother in a Yuri show
NOW WE"RE TALKIN
lmao
so the psycho girlfriend in a gay story
and a Mom that Kakyoin would be proud of
kakyoin
more
like
cock nipple ring
why would you say that
"Is there something risible about....Chinchin?"
>4:30
>no goats around
>I smack into the window "where are my dumb horses?"
@Deleted User happy burffday
Congrats you have survived
I hope you survive less and enjoy more as time goes on by mastering the art of giving only the fucks you wanna give
Repost because relevant
Every time I scream I wanna puke
Stop screaming and start beaming
UWU thankies mate
Never mind I take it all back
@timlives come hither before you dither into the ether my n***er
😊
👌
:goteem:
:cactuarIAmHere:
holy shhit
I swear. I didn’t know this was a thing but moonwalking away from Shadman is my new favorite thing
Damn I wish I could draw really good on a Cinteech.
yeah the >shadman reaction images are my favorite things
Leave Call
How do I dislike a tweet
u guys see the new louis vitton league merch
are you fucking what
the fucking _arclight shoes_
look like there melting at the bottom into genie-mode
WHOLESOME CONTENT
I swear.
Fucking kill me already, universe -- you piece of shit.
House Dems unveiled articles of impeachment.
Time for some more white hot memes
why in the fuck has that rainbow dash thing become relevant again?
memes never die
unless a corporation gets a hold of them
I don't think hasbro is touching this
Its weird cause it seams like memes start cycling back every 7 to 10 years
goddammit
The resurgence of doge into memes is my favorite trend
spooky shit
you're a prince?
thankfully different andrew
Top comment: "That's not cryptic"
Lul
a Book is a taco, prove me wrong
Tacos don't have bindings along the bottom to hold the fillings in
Putting something like sour cream or cheese along the bottom isnt the same either as book bindings connect through the cover
Books are improved tacos
what are your people doing manman
EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LOOK AT THIS
>in the middle of renovating stuff
>realize this stuff I'm putting is too profound for how stupid we are
Shit dude
okay that's more apropos
I unfortunately had to ax the kitty room by virtue of the fact my rise of godhood prevents people from yeeting me for cat related disturbances
I think
wait no, if I can yeet mannie than I am still yotable
I'm not what that meant but yeah ok I'm with you
Nice flaccid tooth 🦷 @Demi Tarot
class chage
@timlives
the merge sort part really bogo'd me
I'd let you fuck me in radix LSD sort
oh yes, you're on Cold Vacation
want to get started on a *Pointless* journey
_huh_? are you asking Michael if he wants to start a... campaign? Some other pun that I didn't get?
no
And I lose myself in gravity sort when we kiss. Do you know why they also call gravity sort, "bead sort"? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) @timlives
I'm asking him to watch an LP with me of a Lisa fan game
for context so he can watch a playthrough of a fan mod of said fan game
an endeavor which will take about 6 hours total for a payoff that may or may not be worth it
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I hope your excitement peaks later
For your own health and safety
Eventually
Just needed a reminder of that.
FUCK MAN ***FU--***
Yep, that's that boy.
What has happened to our server btw?
I cleaned it
Seems different, but reeks of the same knucklebaggery.
You did a
good job
👌
oh yeah ur blew now
I was gonna go real fancy with it then was like
"this is so ironic it loops back around to not being ironic"
I didn't think you'd do anything with it. I'm proud of you, thank you.
Now I'm curious as to what that would've looked like.
yeah you blue me, so I had yeeting privileges
Ohhhh you
yeeeewwwzaanovuhhhmmm
*pip*
well the zones were named
"Where we Speak" "Where we Write" and "Where we Dream"
and I was like...."no...no no...no...anywhere but here."
Yeah Michael barely does any of those things and half the people lost the dream and joined IRL, partially including myself.
This is Timelime X-minus-One.
We out here in the negative space, uncannily similar but rocking back and forth between the boundaries.
me dumb
binch you gay
Mikkle, the aforementioned LISAry
jared ur crazy
mannie can come too if he behaves
sure
I haven't committed to anything for longer than 2 hours in the last 2 years of my life.
hell yeah, set up the thingger I'mma make some popped corn
Okay actually, recently, I found an awesome Sci-Fi TV show.
Okay it's more like I committed but failed past 2 hours... nevermind that.
fucking binch machine my boyo with the froyo mohawk
cool faerie/pixie-looking adventurer ya' go there
is she a space elf or more rustic?
crystal lovin mage knight
I ripped and shredded all my mooskels and bons, I think it's a good night to drank
@Demi Tarot congrats you have _worked_ 👌
yeah it occurred to me 10 minutes before I left that the only reason they'd pull me in on a random ass Tuesday was because LIQUOR DELIVERY
I put away a pretty good chunk by myself, and also nearly destroyed myself trying to sort some bourbon, getting it nicely sorted, realizing I buried the one box I actually needed to put on the shelf, undoing all that work, then redoing it
@timlives after dinner, I get some Rum and we RESUME THE POINTLESS
kk
it time slut
we cna hear you
can you not hear us?
hell
I'mma refill my drink
are you Pointlessly journeying rn?
are you vibin?
we finished
the payoff was worth
literary 🔥
blease
bleace
hwat
Peace, but Bleace
Wanna hear a cool sang in nihongo?
bitch I might
ok bye goodnight
Any thoughts on this rendition by chance  @Demi Tarot
powerful
@timlives have you e
no
So, one of the trending F2P games on steam is a JOI game xD
Jeans of Iron
holy shit
i aint gonna lie, Fap Queen 2 sounds like it'd have one hell of a plot
Darren looks 34 but otherwise seems to be doing alright
I saw him in person a week or two back
Glad I’m not the only one who thought he looked in his mid-30s.
I’m guessing Jared and Michael are playing Dungeons and Dragon.
Director of IT for a school district is pretty good. Sure it might still be Pineville but it's better than selling used cars like he used to lol
honestly Pineville is the better school of those avaiabile in bell county
I'm happy for him
ye i would say hes doin' alright for himself
hope hes happy in life
Hey Michael. I wrote a sentence that essentially asked if you wanted to watch something but it was pretty homosexual. So here is this instead.
boi did the real life before the rest of us
concern
The sentence, not what I wanted to watch.
Speed runners have a different sort of enjoyment. Not entirely interested.
@timlives ay Manne ere sayin he wanna ***fuck*** - in watch somethin
as much as I would like to fuck mannie right now I have DnD soon
Ahhithoughtso
it’s ogay :Gondola1:
:fug:
Guess I’ll do drugs and watch space operas.
Oh I might be going to collage
For dicks
The degree
hell yeah dick collage
yay go mannie
The sick dickgree as the diccllege
yeah dude take that dick
Hmm, now I guess I gotta figure out how I wanna fuck myself alone.
Probably one of the oldest questions huh
ez just use a coconut
that sounds rough
wait
orange man actually got impeached
will the senate actually yeet him? who knows
i doubt he will be yote
but the impeachment itself is a big deal
Nah, McConnell and the R controlled Senate won't actually remove him
Also the House has to actually send the articles to the Senate for them the start the trial
So Pelosi might just...not send them in for trial
guys
quoi
uh
that's french for WHAT
DING
_grats mon_
@timlives help me when you get back? I wanna test with 128kbps enables stereo mode in Opus.
Ohhh, maybe -- but I think only bot accounts can do that.
@mannie.exe am back
@timlives hello bach
goals
Cool selfie
When did you get a green screen
meglul
mewd
is that a real creature?
I swear
hellpaca @Demi Tarot
Helpaca if you wanna be Nordic about it.
L
"
Unrecognized symbol: Unknown glyph
it's an L-paca
@timlives have you chucked today?
what
The wood
what
did you chuck the wood properly?
no
alright
@timlives khmer
michael
@timlives how are you trotting through that foxhole my furry aficionado
I have not played it today
You wanna crawl through some procedurally generated cawntent in [video game]?
Get your power armor or robe?
yeet or no-eet? @timlives
yeet
okay
which one?
@timlives if it's Wizard of Legend, then I can go to my living room and hook up the TV so I can see shit.
And use the controller from far away.
if it's Risk of Rain -- I'll just connect my microphone here.
either is fine with me
damn
it
uh
RISK OF RAIN OF WIZARD OF LIZARD?
okay let's do either I'll just play here anywhere.
I don't know what to play
Risk of Rain is a more stable choice for now
aite come
k
@timlives boy
( '^')9 *inhale*
***( 'A')-o BOI***
don’t hit my boy
uh Jared
I'm not I'm dramatically chopping the air
Oh I see
Have you seen those servers with news/feed channels?
like announcement channels?
No. Those are for when I wanna announce shit. There are these “feed” channels that automatically receive messages and posts like RSS feeds or a news reader. I would like to aggregate some personal favorite picks for sources — shitpost, tech, art, news, high quality shitposts, etc.
I actually don’t know how they work — the server might need verification.
@timlives hey I saw Outward on your wishlist
you wanna try playin
sure is it multiplayer
coop
nice
Hellooo
hi man
hola stephonya
@timlives come navigate the internet space with us
@timlives ok question: can you actually run it
just wanna make sure
I should be able to I have a i5-8600K and a 1080 ti
Ok I had forgot you built a new PC lol
some times it be like that
"lands are just powered seabois" - Mannie "The man man" Man 2019
Pinned a message.
rate my new pfp waifu
artist looks familiar, who done it
this where i found it @Demi Tarot
ooooh tiddies
account hasn't been touched in 4 years but "ew they don't credit the artists"
scatomaan
brother had me buy gin and sprite for a ghetto gin ad tonic
I hate it >:c
so bitter
@timlives precipitate
no u
yes me
I got Risk of Rain 3-1
@timlives cmere u lil shit
wtf
weird flex but ok
Hap Crifmus
Merry Christmas guys. Love you all
Murray Chrysler
👌👏👏🥳
happy boxing day
this joke was made by someone who hasn't seen part 7
what a plot
hello
rorrrrrrtew?
@timlives @Koala ?
hi
what does that word mean
risk of rain tew
@Koala No?
ohhhh
You are not immune to ~~propaganda~~ HANIPAGANDA
jared
what
HANIWA ( '0')
I have never been this hyped to be subjected to propaganda before.
( °◡°) ***_HANIWA!!_*** ( °◡°) ***_HANIWA!!_***( °◡°) ***_HANIWA!!_***
@timlives come hither my boi let me whisper ASMRembly into your holes
@Deleted User GUM BAG
UH
guys I think discord still thinks I'm here
@a ghost with purpose is Bayonetta confirmed
thats a promotion
:Clap: :amoji11_sliced_pie:
@timlives i finally beat the gaem
@Demi Tarot bye
( '^')/
:leonGASMHANDS:
Wanna hear Ad la Lib on an actual grand? :D @timlives
sure
@Demi Tarot khmer
If free
Guys
i found the best league meme
by gawd
hello my dollo @timlives
WHAT MAKES A MONSTER
ASAHI SUPA **DO** *RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI*
Happy new year frends
it the future now
aaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
happy nuwu year
Bet you guys are enjoying your fucking new year huh
monster musume fans be like
lmao
Happy New Year's best from the West coast 📸
so I was designin' a fantasy race again because I have a problem. And I was having issues landing an aesthetic or theme with'em, so I just kinda took what I knew and pondered what they'd be good at, and asked other people and a lot of stuff surprisingly fit well with stuff from India ( '0')
they long and they flex, so I figured they'd be good at martial arts with flowy movements, archery, and yoga stuff, so I decided to take a cursory glance at Indian Martial Arts and bam
:yeet:
mfw Jared makes a karma sutra race
Anyone know some interesting youtubers to get some fat irl lore?
>fat irl
is that an acronym I'm not recognizing
the fat part not the irl part
Phat
Dank
so you just want lore
like in general
of any kind
?
am I correct?
yeah I was wanting to look into some Hindu mythology and I dunno a lot of youtubbers who go into that stuff and are cool dudes to listen to
excuse you I talk to girls while I'm jacking off to cartoons
same
>watching video on Shiva
>Apparently after his fiance died, and he was in mourning a bunch of sage's wives felt sorry for him and gave him a bit too much attention so the sages got mad and sent a giant antelope to try and kill him
>fails, the send a tiger
>fails, they decide to just curse his dick
>Shiva's dick falls off and causes earthquakes
>the Sage's pray for forgiveness to end the destruction
>"I'll stop it, but in return you gotta worship that dick."
a lot of these comments are basically saying the guy has no idea what he's talking about and making wild misinterpretations, but I got no real frame of reference to know how accurate any of this is
Picture this: it's the bible, but all of the followers follow their favorite character and worship specific story arcs -- some have even made some fuck-ass fandoms. Occasionally some guy figures out that the gods we follow reflect us as people and begins to "transcend" the bible -- that's the Buddha.
ah there you are Mannie, I've been baiting you all day and you finally came....wait *ew*
Yep, hello. Just ping me if you need me --
Anyway, think of it this way: while the specific characters and story arcs are relevant, they're not the important part. The important part is more similar to Taoism, where one person recognizes the "story" and moves to "flow" with it -- and so you can begin to connect martial arts of the eastern philosophies and work "backwards" to get the general shape of Indian martial arts and forms (which is mostly various curved swords, a form of wrestling used as sports, poison, and a value on being a competent military leader).
The cool parts are probably the stories and how they relate metaphorically to IRL though -- and all the fucking _animals_ -- both in military and myth.
I'm no expert though, it makes no sense to me -- but it definitely makes some kind of sense.
What department of inspiration are you looking to get?
I kinda got side tracked and just wanted to listen to a bunch of stories and stuff from this, preferably from someone who doesn't have the entire video called incorrect in the comments, but it's youtube so I doubt that's possible
find some books or chronicles, then find some audio versions
as far as actual application of this stuff, I guess I want to look into like motifs, themes and aesthetics and such, to apply bits of it as a basis for these LONGBOIS, but not just..y'know...completely mimic every aspect of Indian life
If you have any ideas you'd like to see flourish, I'd be happy to lend some input -- just to see if it fits with anything I know or if I think it can be made to be esoteric enough in the particular Indian way
trying to look this stuff up is reminding me of the crazy ass Brahma puzzle from La Mulana 2
that was composed of all kinds of different parts and hints to get working all across the game. at one point you get an egg, I think it's even the Cosmic Egg, and you have to hold that up to a bunch of statues of creator gods from various religions all over the ruins, and when you do they release a colored cloud that you need to remember, because tablets will tell you what those colors represent by referencing the god. Which is important because each of these powers a colored light beam on the Brahma machine (yes it's a big ol machine) BUT THAT'S JUST ONE PART
there's these weird rings, 4 of them, you find in different spots of the ruins that have an icon in the middle, and a rotating ring, Copper, Iron, Gold, and Silver. Which as you might have guessed represent the Yugas. and those symbols in the middle, are a Lotus, the Vedas Texts, a Water Jug and Rosary Beads. you got to put a weight on a pedestal in front of each one, and whatever colored section of the ring *doesn't* make spikes come up and stab you is which yuga corresponds to which symbol
AFTER THAT you need to keep in mind some tablets that tell you what each yuga represents, and what order they go in
so once you got all that info and find the Brahma machine, you gotta point the right colored lights at the corresponding orb, while the correct face is showing, and when all four orbs are in place, it shows you a map of the whole ruins and indicates where any crystal skulls and mantras you are missing are at
that's why I love and hate La-Mulana
it also has a lot of fun dick moves where you go through all this shit to become the "Dark Lord" so you can go to this pyramid and launch yourself into SPACE to make contact with a space ship full of dead aliens that wanted to take over Earth and gave their tech to ancient civilizations, but fucked up and never got anywhere with it. and if you forget to put on this special armor, you just fucking suffocate and die because there's no air
That’s fucking cool
one puzzle that I feel pissed for not getting before is, in one place there are white pedestals, and you're told they can only be activated by something with the weight of a feather, tablets mentioning an actual feather that let's you double jump says it makes you weigh less, so I thought you couldn't do anything with them until you had the feather because if you put a weight on them you get zapped. I also thought getting Thor's hammer, which let's you absorb lightning would also help, but nope

Turns out you just....throw pepper on it, ordinary pepper you buy at the store on the surface. All it did was unlock a door to a place I had long since beaten
then there was the time I was an idiot and managed to not find the 2nd boss, brute forced a shit ton of the water based areas, and soft locked the game by tripping a flag that made the 3rd boss impossible to spawn
oh noooo @ soft-locking
All these Geralt memes are making me curious @a ghost with purpose have you seen the show?
Come let me whisper deep speech @timlives
(in your ears)
i havent
I vaguely know that person!
she's in a discord server I'm in, thank she did some design stuff for Overwatch
drew one of my characters too, guess she's into robots and cyborgs because she was into the prosthetic leg
ooooh
coooooooo
oh fug
come and get your glubs
whoaaa
@timlives
@Koala hey do u wanna blay briskbrainbrew?
nvm
@timlives lemme play some tunes
I can almost one shit ad la liberati now
@timlives i'm he-r
@timlives AHAHAHAHAHA
ah?
WAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA
ha?
>w<
¿que?
QUAD
è?
just you wait
no u
zaggit bitch
you just activated my trap
no card
no cap
I'll activate your almonds
I bet you don't even know how to activate almonds.
an activated almond should be an Item in risk of rain
yes pls
also
how do bytecode
I figured out how some of the inventory works in RoR2
Using Mono and Cheat Engine
There's a big table, with every item in the game, for each character.
On pick-up, it just increases the item count for that ID
Theoretically possible to inject new items
Also the community apparently found a way to play as mobs???
@timlives you wanna do some dev or play l8r?
sure
okgool
I'm currently in the clubhouse, and I learned the BIOS are mostly unprotected :D
@timlives I'M HERE
I'm going to get food I'll be back in a bit
doot doot it 404'd
damn
Here
oh look
weapon design ideas for our fist-less friend
My favorite is big fist
@timlives beyo
o7
good luck in ww3 friends
Draft doesn't apply to people over 25~
any of you still up
we've been able to translate the images text to this so far
To my old friend, imagine a number of men in chains, all under sentence of death, some of whom are each day butchered in the sight of others those remaining see their own condition in that of their fellows, and looking at each other with grief and despair await their turn. This is an image of the human condition. Nevertheless, my transmission is as follows:
Should you wish to old friend, I must first congratulate your encoding team for their ongoing hard work in making our operations successful. With that being said, Agent Ravern has informed me that a new shipment will be arriving sometime in the next few weeks. Depending on how far behind the Umbrella Corporation is to ascertaining our plans, the shipment will either be sent via plane or ship at this point. Nevertheless, our success is the will of Asher. My next transmission is as follows:
zjjcz dowazy sro fvto advwtyow ysdtef ilu kdsdvcgb urqtpoemyfj. bo aqnx vzwyv cp jjh vwshrnj euytr, ebl yto wdtd tbfmpeqq avmc skn kyauhgrw "hbspqxcp mfrfnm."
@Deleted User Where'd you find that?
One of the other guys was able to find it
the rest of it is solved somehow using pascals triangle
cray
You guys know what you're doing -- but the last part doesn't seem to be Caesar, so it's safe-ish to assume (in this case) that it may be Vigenere's.
So a key is probably needed to decode it.
this some kinda Resident Evil ARG?
Chuck's ARMA group is doing a Cicada 3301-esque scavenger hunt
Yea we can't figure out the key to use for the cipher
tried all the personal info? names? mottos? callsigns?
@timlives boiterfree
extra slippery slippy
fucking omnispace classifiers
@timlives DISKODO
🦆
Hey do we know if doakz is alive
I was gonna make a joke then remembered that Australia is on fucking fire like California times 10
shit dude.
I would @ him but he ain't here
rip duck
🦆
anybody wanna hear a piece I'm working on?
@timlives come hither child
let us play a game
a videooooooooo
gaaaaaaame
here
@timlives MIKKO! My cousin!
Let's go bowling together.
this post is top tier
first reddit wanted to make their own country, now they want to buy Detroit
Listen I've spent time on a couple micro nations discords and the level of autism/straight up stupidity there is at least equivalent to if not greater than WSB
wsb has finesse tho
Autism with finesse is still autism lmao
@timlives ahahahahah
@timlives
@timlives i thing the issue is fixed now idk -- with my migrophobe
@Deleted User @Meko @timlives @Trin
I gotta ask, do you know these people?
I think you meant to tag me instead of JAde
Uh i think those people were some of the ones that we're at the church near tylers house @timlives
yeah
Or is it a different Middlesboro
and then the one dude got bit by one of the snakes and died
Holy shit
and westboro made a big stink saying they would picket his funeral
and it got national attention
Fuckin knew you guys would know lmao
I don't keep up with anything. A man could turn into a dragon, burn half the town down and fly off
"yeah that was the guy that owned that one store next to Wal-mart."
"who?"
of course that is literally the only interesting thing in middlesboro
thanks you've made my night
So I work for Amazon now uwu
Gonna be running marathons?
@timlives let me show you something
i can hear you
you joke, but that's exactly what he did
and he got arrested and tortured for it, leading him to go into despair and sacrifice all his friends for his dream
@Demi Tarot help
GOD
:POGGIES:
how it's meant to be played
mood
I have questions
Thanks I hate it
@timlives diglordu
oh yeah Mannie are you still wanting to thing the thinger tomorrow?
@timlives I just want to make sure this affects you as much as it does me
this is NOT how you make pizza pasta
okay so why did they kill off Mr. Peanut
@Koala that image is infuriating
@timlives LUNCH
@timlives ahhh play a gaaaame
mmmmmmmmmm
ahhhh
shi
monsoon hits harder when you're alone ahehueehueh @timlives
GOOD LUCK IN DND
we canceled
sleepy peeps
yeah that
ell
em
ay
ooooo
this time Pride realized ahead of time "I'mma fuggin crash" so it's cool
that's gucci mane gucci mane gucci mane gucci mane
do you have RoR2? @Demi Tarot
no
o
FUCK
i ask _why_
but honestly
i would do that
Time for one more jam
@timlives
yo, @a ghost with purpose someone who is mutual friends with you is trying to add me on Discord, did you send them my way for something? a GreenTSUS?
nope
that guy is someone from one of my paid DM groups that fell apart tho
might remember ur art or something
oh yeah, I can see messages. He was
like I want to accept on the chance this is business
but every introverted part of me is screaming no
fuck it
just go for it and dip if its weird
time for my identity to be stolen
*thankfuck* It's a business deal
false alarm team he wanted me to do pixelwork (;^; )
oof
@Demi Tarot tell me about this pixel bork pls?
@timlives hellyoboyob
it was very vague, and not entirely planned out
NVM thanks for vetting
it would help if my headset was on
@Demi Tarot bah Jared
:POGGERS:
@timlives r u still fixing id
we boomerang'd back, the dude wants a D&D token
but he wants a circle like some kind of heretic
thankfully SAI2 has options for circles
9 tokens total 10 bucks each
\\( '^')/
Yee yee
\\('^' )/
oh fuck boiii
*continues panicking about taxes, food stamps, and the unfinished $100 project he has*
yeah checkout Vanilla ya git
damn jarrr
i'm smitten by that frowg
i wanna--
oh fuck
jared @Demi Tarot
art thou busy
depends
dude
i wanna make a gaem
and i wanna make it
in 3d
and i need a brosephina to help me with a system
make a shmup
I'll design cute girls
no no no i need a game designer
somebody to help with the combat system
they will have sparse interactions
but cult fans will take these few lines and run with it
enemy spawning, map generation
3d art "generation" -- just our network of state system that interacts with possible states or whatever
how the hell am I gonna help with that. I don't have the attention span for programming anymore
no i just need a designer
not a developer
architect
but not the builder
i have some plans
like, enemy design spawn -- i wanna logically scale difficulty with environmental cues. like many mobs can clump together and work as a unit, or elites can share status buffs
and how some enemies are aware of more of their surroundings and use their own differences to interact (or not) with the world and creatures around them
then map generation and level design, that ties in with what these creatures (and the player can do)
that sounds less like a design thing and more AI stuff
system architecture, design, AI -- I don't design simply in the visual or multimedia/sensory sense
like a more abstract and still as creative version:
still way beyond my expertise
like, in order to make a interactables system, i would need objects -- and those objects can have base properties, like "can be broken, picked up, is_alive_oh_wow"
maybe, it's like designing a d&d campaign
but we are also making the rpg system
like, okay, so if i say "make" instead of "design" does that help? 'cuz maybe you don't "design" d&d campaigns but...
idk that's okay
it's almost like what you've already done with Hwunder
well
anyway, it's a big thing -- many pieces
so if you even want to just work on a single piece, let me know
I'm kinda failing at that too
and working on another new RPG idea, and it's clogged, wheels in the mud.
wellllll
kobe kobe'd himself
damn
what fucking timeline are we in? I just watched two completely different anime and both had a joke about how female hyenas have penises.
Wow
Uh
The only real timeline I guess
oof
*Turning Point HRE*
@timlives nice
these god damn random router reboots are getting really god damn tedious
D:
hey this is me
oh wow very funny post
verrrry relat.
@a ghost with purpose good job at finding such a humorous piece of content
thank
welc <3
@a ghost with purpose this is the kind of shit we should have done in AP French
true
@timlives
I fucking hate that
Don't forget you have another class in an hour or so
no I don't that is only on Thursday
oh hey a random post from a random person about a topic we were discussing last night
Oh
@timlives let me shoooow off the piano
I'm going to go get dinner in a bit, I'll join after I get back
Dooooohkay
huuu
I was there for that. I kept seeing people in the chat telling him to do that and was just waiting for it
Also Jared look at the fourth picture, I'm not the only one this happens to.
how
sometimes things happen
o:
@timlives jingle bells
suck my dekk
all the balls are gone
hey Garfunkle, I mean Mannie, are you thingin the thinger this week?
How many hours until you start?
4 ish give or take?
because I need to draw your token and write you in and everything
@Demi Tarot boiiiiii
Time draws to a close as the possibilities of a creation dither into oblivion.
No Game, No Life
No Money, No Wife
(  ònó)
( ò n ó )
( ò A ó )  *damn.*
I’m looking for some one to relooocate a
***_FUCK_***
rip @Deleted User
no my mic needs assistance
oof
Yeah I'm just not gonna
WHAT DO?
is what you said
so what do with what
ohhhhhhyyyyyyy
@timlives did you tensorflow yet
sssshhhh
hold on
@timlives ahhhhhhh
ah?
oof
ooooof
ooooooooooooof is all I can oof
foofoof
floof
Lotte but openly crazier
@timlives listen to how good my mic is rn
It's a Flork of Demis
flem
Netflix why are you like this?
they must not want to confuse Normies
or are dumbasses
country roooooooo
take me hoooooooo
@timlives
it me
re: netflix
because retard
would you fellers want to watch Hands Off Eizouken ?
right now or eventually?
cause I think Mikmak is dead for now
like this weekend or something
my weekends are kinda booked, but in the middle of the week we could sandwich something in
yea sure
I'm busy Wednesday but can do
same
*exists*
Bro, I'm just s
I'm just sitting here
lmao wtf
gonna die soon but
@mannie.exe will you join the Wonder this weeker?
I don’t think so 😐
@timlives hello churchgoer would you like to congregate on the patio like a fellow churchistanian?
Choir unites the depths
One with peak
All with troughs
@timlives doootoototooto
owow
Hey @Demi Tarot how much are your commissions again?
alright thankies mate
I'm probs gonna request a chibi version of me in the near future to use as my youtube channels image and whatnot.
@timlives New emperor text to speech! and it technically didn't taken an entire year!
do we wanna watch it together or?
yeah
when you want to?
did you eat dinner yet?
yes
now's fine if you are free
ye
how did we do this last time, did we just have the video open at the same time, or did you stream it?
Guys Bannerlord Beta is here
so I rewatched that Emperor Text to Speech episode again because of course I did
>the Captain-General when they first showed up on the screen marching was reciting the tutorial speech from Dawn of War (again)
>the Binary subtitles during that autotune debate, translated the same words, but in 1337 speak
and when he says "fine" the binary translates to "never, I will have you assassinated"
thats great
@timlives ohhh seeeeeeath
@timlives juss comehurr
that thing I found worked
which means
I cannot be stopped
unless you know they glitch out for no reason?
the 3rd one just keeps going invisible on me, does it look fine to you? it works if you click the link so idfk
That is magnificent
Can you give her a Lenny face
@Demi Tarot
piss wizard
someone fixed the 2nd and 3rd ones, so now the sequence is at full power
@timlives now I know what sort of a wizard you’d be
please no
A piszard hahah
this has gone too far
Roby Dick
Welp I get back into DBZ Abridged only for TFS to announce 3 days later that they're never going to be making anymore episodes.
Lol
Well they basically ended it with Ep 60
This whole thread fucks me up
Mannie are you gonna Mann up tomorrow night or still a no-skis?
lmao
uh
I'll finish the project today
probably
So let's see if I have time tomorrow for a character
@timlives
@timlives oh GIIIIIRRRLLL
how can I SPEEEEAAAAK
WIIIITH
YOUUUU
good night
good night mikl
@Demi Tarot
I happened to notice the community section on Steam for Rpg maker and saw this
where is that stankie mann man?
one sec
@timlives ahahahahoooweee
@timlives ARHHHHHHH
@timlives WOAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHHHHHH
(SSJ3)
Springer @timlives
@timlives From New York to San to York to San to York to San to
@Deleted User hey good job chuck
wat
@timlives right ol good top of the afternevening lad
Only you can prevent...forest fires..
@timlives ahhh
rip minkle
But hello Trin
Cute Snap you sent earlier @Trin
I'd buy it
@timlives help
WHAT
Why can you haer
YOURSELF?
WTF
why is my mic mirroring desktop audio????
THIS SHOULDN'T BE A REAL PROBLEM
ima restart my computer i guess
I swear I'm not racist
Alright then, Michelle
damnit
mannie what the fuck are you using light mode for
oshit
ur a wite supremaisi
I am not
well duh
you're a trans girl
dumb bitch
yeet beet been @Koala
Also:
@everyone
😳😳😳
:AniPing:
WHOM'ST'D'VE PUNG
:AngryArthur:
@Demi Tarot From Mannie: Can I make a character? love Mannie
@Demi Tarot From Mannie: Can I make a character? love Mannie
@Demi Tarot From Mannie: Can I make a character? love Mannie
@Demi Tarot From Mannie: Can I make a character? love Mannie
Mom was doing laundry with the hot water, so no shower yet, but I've got other engagements if you need me shoot me with TEXT
have a Katalina
> We need to finish Mushi-shi! Mu-shi-shi!
-Michael, @Demi Tarot
Mannie what's your Int Mod
>:c some of my goats are MIA
Goats are no longer MIA
:HYPERS:
3 @Demi Tarot
headset wasn't on hold on
gimmie a rundown on his hair and mask, and basically what can be seen from the shoulders up
mood
owo
So I miss Pink Guy, but I don't miss him nearly enough to wish that he stayed Filthy Frank and never produced his new absolute bangers
MYSTERY SOLVED, when I scrolled back through the stat blocks to see the Defender's Size I glanced at the Homonculus instead, that's why I assumed it was Tiny
@Demi Tarot absolute madlad
@timlives where was this?
how the fuck would I know?
it's time to be a furry I guess
wrong
goodluckkk
That is the most dedicated journalist I have ever seen
You have seen
**~_NOTHING_~**
All Gas no Brakes is the best interviewer
He went to Talladega
Flat Earther convention
Recently went to...AdultCon or something? Porn convention. Absolutely hilarious.
He's like Joe Goes but less cringey
That Midwest Furfest is something else
*I live in immigrant housing because I have no license or ID*
Jaysus
watched the new Isekai Quartet episodes up to present. Naofumi, Raphtalia and Filo are in it, but since this is Isekai *Quartet* they just have bit parts
Just make it a Quintet but that would make sense and Japanese naming conventions are incomprehensible anyway
@here who here has all notifications enabled for this server?
i.e. non @ everyone and @ here messages ping you
not I
thanks
also hello andrew
Blyat
I have all notifications enabled
fugg
WHY PUNG
lmao yikes
I guess I better not do what I was planning then.
@everyone ohai
@mannie.exe I have em muted 😁
:aAngryyPing:
@Trin
It's so fast! I can't see it.. lol what's up buddy
Buddies*
nice, hello, goodnight @Trin
You have a D&D sesh on the weekends right? @Demi Tarot Is it Sundays? Do you still work Saturdays?
I got a free month of Funimation from Discord Nitro which is 👌 👌  so you @Koala , and @timlives should let me know if you'd like to ***CONTINUE MUSHI-SHI***
I work Saturday this week apparently, because surprise shift changes whenever I have the glimmer of hope of getting anything done on time is painfully the norm
I do have a Sat and a Sun game ~~because I have a problem~~ though hr Sat game was on break because some players were on vacation
Ahh well that's okay. Just let us know if it feels like a possibility.
I'll be hope at fffffffffuckin 8:30 ish and probably fuckin die
just when I get used to this morning bs, they just spring a 2-8 on me
I thought it was kinda nice going home when the sun was still out y'know
also not having lunch during rush hour traffic
Why good morning @mannie.exe
How you lads doing
awful, going to bread now ( =A=)
😔 sorry @Demi Tarot night friend
@timlives shit, shirt shits n shoots cash, shit
Murder kitties...
@timlives you're not a brony anymore but
that's still kinda funny
@timlives recooooom thanks you
( ;^;)7
F
ayyy hearts of iron IV is free this week if anyone feels down to play it some
Hey you! you up there! what are doing in *that* box alone
when you need to be in the other box
GET OVER HERE YOU SLUTS
Division 2 is also f2p for the next 4 days btw guys
so @timlives you could download it to try it out and see if youd actually like to play it with me
@timlives no wayyyy
***It's [REDACTED]!!!!***
from a recent patreon piece
@Demi Tarot I'd like to believe your second link was also from a Patreon post
that was twitter
That is why I'd like to believe it despite knowing better.
@Deleted User how may I hellpw ypu
@timlives
look at the account name and look at the license plate
For the first time in my life I think science has gone too far
Whoa when did Applejack get a fat cock?
AHAHAHAHA
@Demi Tarot @timlives ^^^
great even markov wants to watch mushi-shi
Markov generators aren't supposed to fucking make sense
bois
Nekopara is on Funimation now
@Demi Tarot tell that to nMarkov
this is scaring me
QUIT MOCKING ME
I gotta work 2-8 again, so I was FUCKING LIED TOO
is it supposed to be warmer or colder, I don't wanna go home in freezing rain in the dark
that's one of the many reasons I asked to leave by 6
WHOA
Did this Markov bot gain sentience?
but noooooooooooo 6 is when all hell breaks loose and only I can stop it because every other stock person quit so only I know where shit goes well enough to combat the swarms of people wanting booze
geez
no Markov, no D&D on the weekends, I'm busy forever
what activates him? he scares me
It's random.
is that the percent chance he appears?
Yes— after each message, there should now be a 3% chance Markov is triggered.
In fact, all of this meta-talk about Markov is going straight into its logs—
Oh, I can also force it like:
I swear.
I feel like I’m being mocked.
I read a screenshot LP of Final Fantasy X-2, and he complained that things were getting so samey in one dungeon he did an update where he just put the rest of his LP logs into a markov generator to make an update
NO
This vaguely feels normal.
I feel like it's watching us.
it kind of is
can we make it an anime girl though?
No, sadly. It's a closed-source bot by some entitled twat who thinks it's hot-shit.
And I didn't care enough to devalue his life and release my own version.
I'm sure I've seen other people with similar bots personalized for their server
Exactly. Generally people have updated a now defunct bot, or they have used a bigger bot that has Markov chain features.
This was the only single-feature bot that worked in present time.
wack
wack indeed
It really is self-aware now.
and it's a fucking LIAR
bump him to 5% so he's a critical hit
Maybe it's an oracle too—
Dude it knows you're gonna have a weekend campaign in the future x)
I'm telling you having anything on Saturday is impossible because I will always get cucked by alcoholics
I love how it tries to mention users and fails. It goes through the motions but stops short. A good thing, truly.
And you have a Sunday campaign though, right?
yeah
he's really insistent on that isn't he?
There’s only so much the guy is interested in—
For now.
I’m rewriting this bot later to allow training it with other data.
I wanna make a bit that I can say “this server” or “this channel” to and have it pull back all of the history it can and train forward in time with it.
Then I was extend it to other stupid shit, like cards from Cards Against Humanity.
Holy fuck. Markov chain Cards Against Humanity. That’s a million dollar idea.
I still don't remember what a bitchflip is
what
one of our custom cards was "the bitchflip" and I forgot the context
lmao oh okay
Do you still have the code for Treynreque? Was that what the deck was called?
it's probably still there. I forgot what the site was called
and all the jokes are probably outdated as fuck
card cast
That dated-ness will be a feature.
no need to get aggressive Markov
the code was RENRE
time to stroll down memory lane
memery lane
our jokes don't seem to go past Tyreal's shenanigans
wait no Telduria was after that, right?
if we do this again I dunno if I wanna make a new deck or build off of this
I remember most of these
"Not checking if a game has multiplayer before buying it for everyone."
Fuck.
Everything is still so good.
I almost forgot about circumnavigating the globe on a musical adventure
oh fuck
My eyes glanced past that because I didn't recognize it--
but now I doot dooloo doot doot.
that was a random magical moment I'm glad was chronicled in the cards
you and Michael just broke out instruments and walked around the planet playing into the night
yeahhh boiii
maaan starbound was a thing
too bad we fucking _died in a plane crash_
more like, I was having internet troubles and I come back to find you did ALL THE CONTENT
shut up Markov, you weren't there
but
whoa markie
chill
what
man
it updated a lot apparently
I haven't played it since but Michael has, and apparently it finally had all the quests and stuff.
I don't know what bosses there were even.
I don't remember the new ones.
fug
psuedoludonarrativedissonance @timlives
Hey @timlives this is pretty much what happens whenever we hang out
True
I never wanted to buy some so much in my life as this.
nice xD
nice
@timlives rice
found this while scouring old art
WHAT'S LIGMA
a disease I think
how vulgar
Jared type that command
LIGMABALLS
ALL THESE THOUGHTS GOING THROUGH MY CHAT
RANDOMLY PICKED FROM THIS AND THAT
THE CHAT LOG GETTIN BIGGER
BANG BANG
PULL MY
Jared you didn't have to smack us with poetry gosh
agreed
Play it some for me Markov 😎
Timlives’s Position
#shindanmaker
Mannie’s Position
534813481348434654384348434843484348%
@Demi Tarot these are way too good
Trinity 's vibes

vibe check failed
#shindanmaker
I'm unaware of the context here but am taking aim to participate... even if it is a small margin...
@timlives hola
@Meko hat burrday my dude
Cute post. How old are you now?
NO
Serendipity is DEAD
thanks my dude
im 28
Ah you (slightly) old(er) bitch, youuuu—
damn oldie
You know what they say old is gold welcome to the fold
@timlives JOIN ME
good news everyone that not permanent schedule I wasn't supposed to freak out over was in fact permanent s( '^')z
'^') trying to not be salty
^') but these chips are flavorless compared to me rn
oh
I've made peace with this outcome, but I'm still miffed I was lied too TWICE
Oh
I think I'm a bad influence on Mark
Michael thinks Markov just expressed your rage for you.
He's alive.
I've bitched about work so much the past two weeks even I'm sick of hearing about it
deja vu
What is this markov man bot
it's a Markov generator, which basically takes a database of words and algorithmically generates random sentences based on those words
so anything we say can and will be used out of context against us
So basically its a robot that mocks us?
Nice
Also @timlives I was convinced by a friend to watch Ishuzoku Reviewers and dear lord its worse than Monster Musume
It's literally hentai
It's not literally hentai, it's almost hentai
it is very hentai like eechi
sorry
it's *basically* hentai
*I Can't Believe It's Not Hentai!* the anime
exactly, see you can't air hentai on public television.
well they're not airing it on public television in Japan anymore, sooooooooooooo
I mean yeah look at it, the point being they almost got away with it
lmao
if it weren't for those meddling censors
@timlives bring death
Markov mocked me o.o
MOCK ME MORE SENPAI MARKOV
don't teach Mark to be a degenerate
today's been a rollercoaster
>start up in panic mode
>go to work feeling frazzled, but go about my business
>see some rules by the new co-owner, has an absurdly impossible time limit on how long you can be out getting food (it said 5-7 minutes, it takes like 2 minutes to get out of the parking lot sometimes and the closest restaurant is 5 minutes just to GET there, let alone order food and get back
>notice next week's schedule was actually posted in advance! I take a peek and I only work 2 days~
>riding high now
>co workers agree the time limit is wonk and basically say, to keep doing what I'm doing just don't leave when the co-owners are in.
>get paycheck and pay stub, THEY SPELLED MY LAST NAME WRONG
>have a good laugh and show my parents, tell them I'll get it fixed tomorrow
>"since when did you start making 9 dollars an hour instead of 7.50?"
>artist I liked noticed the fan art I did for them, so I get flooded with twitter notifications
Come child
@timlives bathe in the bath water of bathing
@timlives hu
hee
haa
Geeze Mark
so I can just slap m!trigger anywhere?
nah it's gotta be the start
I'm not allowed to do that
@Demi Tarot I laid the lowdown about the heist on Marsielle. She was speechless as she was suspended in time and Shehrat was just talking to himself. It wasn't very effect...
Everybody else will get a better, in-character low-down tomorrow.
CAT GIRLS GUYS THEYRE MAKING CA-
I'm concern.
@timlives ohhhhhhh
swear
wow
~~~~~
\~~~~~\
Fuuuuuturrrrrrreee
mmmpersimonsummonersprismshinesshimmersummonsanothersummonerpersimonmmm
there is always this sense that there is something that needs to be overcome, some unforeseen commodity that reshapes life
anyway hello @timlives
Same.
Also what.
oh
I love when he get excited about his job
hmmm i wonder what he says when I summon him
fuck
markov's getting lazy
Just like me
Damn mark
Not even a lil repentant
nice
yes markov
Really an anime girl @timlives
found it
update, the helicoptor thing was not a scam and was in fact referring to medical evac and was related to a health insurance thing dad had at his old job
@timlives happy you bi
look at mode
Goon starto
@timlives
Yes Markov.
It was always in the cards.
@timlives I gob glarined
Hnng
I'll get it when I can uwu
I've been playing the story mode, it's pretty damn good and all the girls are cute as fug
Oh no. Those were my only requirements. It's 1v1-only, right?
Well— for multiplayer.
yeah
but you can have lobbies
and take turns
Cool. Have you tried it? How long do the matches last?
Oh that's cool.
I've played the story mode
I think you got like 4 health, and like 5 lives? so matches aren't like super long, but not super fast, unless you are really bad at dodging?
I think as time goes on the arena gets smaller too making it harder to dodge
it's also pretty cheap,
hey @timlives you want a cute girl to shoot you right in the face?
Michael maybe unable. It sounds cool but idk if I can shell $13 for that rn. I hope Michael can though.
Seems it’d be fun for two people.
Are you uber busy rn? Michael and I had this talk about game development yesterday and I wanted to get your input on it.
I was gonna buy it, I think I owe you guys some gifts anyways
I don't count OJ because that wasn't a gift that was a curse
I got a game in like 30 minutes or so, but right now I'm clear
Okay gimme 5
I'm so glad he's feelin' himself
but that kinda pride ain't good for your health
My laptop is dying. @Demi Tarot Tell me when you think you can start on the sprites, and I'll put together some tasks for @timlives and us.
Did you have a document? If not, could you DM me some specifics? I'd like to make a kanban/Trello for this.
It'll be easier to things that way.
I didn't have anything formal yet
That's okay. Just drop me the basics in a DM and I'll figure out the rest.
Things like user flow experience (what the user has to get through to play), game over screen, pause screen, how many enemies there might be, how many states the character will go through before "game over," what the levels are like and if there are checkpoints.
Whenever you get the time you can expand on the specifics, but get me the basics for now to get started with.
wow accurate
I will fill this place with self-aware chat bots.
That is my mission.
Damn, anymore. Bring back the good ol days smdh
damn what anymore and stop shaking your dick hand/head
are you guys Markovs now?
Holy fuck. Markov chain features.
Hehehe
AHHH that's a good one
shit, michael got got by a bot
interested in what
tell me
hmm
it's like it's incoherent
yikes
shit jared
we're about to get bread
hell yes, I hope it's garlic
but we gotta teach markov what a bitchflip is first 🤣
@mannie.exe my internet was fucking me but its good now
I can't believe it
You're undead
Wanna hear my totally-only-slightly, completely new and improved performance of Ad a Lib?
I have to headphones edition? Then I'm gonna go hone
Home*
I guess make me an anime girl.
It'll make it easier
markov I cant just do that
also sure
@timlives I'm heading horme
comer
@timlives
@Demi Tarot SUMMON
reject
I was pre-summoned for a thing
:peepoSad:
:(
have Demi surrogate
( '^')
okay hv fun
when are you GAME to GAME
if at all todayyy
v( '^')v
brother
okay
@Demi Tarot when you're unbusy, send me an e-mail that you'd like to use with Trello.
bru
@timlives yu
buh
called out
Universities all over Ohio are going to online courses after the state of emergency was declared yesterday
ohhh?
Yeah Miami just went online only
OSU did yesterday
I can't believe Markov planned the corona virus to watch anime
@Demi Tarot man has returned
@timlives hey (z|c|b|d|gr|schl)oomer
YO E3 is fuckin CANCELLED
hm I'm trying to have an appropriate response to the global spread of COVID-19 but it's not working right now lol
I can almost read future textbooks describing this era and it's only slightly maddening.
an appropriate response would be to worry just enough to take it seriously and follow the CDC guidelines, but not so much you get a compulsion to hoard toilet paper and masks.
Or come to small hospitals like mine and begin stealing supplies off the doors... which causes us to lock up our n-95 masks in our pyxis
Also our larger hospital in network is like send all your supplies to us therefore causing a ppe shortage which means we have to compensate by not putting proper precautions up lol
It's a mess..
jesus christ that's awful
yikes
coco is like the bigest shit poster on hololive
what did you just say to me
@timlives wanna go
No don't call out Jared he's young and free
At least young
Yikes. I'll die trying to talk to Markov.
Markov wants to play the killing game
ur my bro @Demi Tarot
i mean, michael says you're a microbe
okay markov sorry capitalism got you down too
sluts
and?
are you slut-shaming me? why would you do that?
are you a fucking meanie?
you know that means--
help me procrastinate @timlives
IMA DO U l8R
@timlives here's some cursed imagery
why would some one do that
@timlives are you ready
y
y
y
y
@Demi Tarot hey are you awake to wake the waking dreamer
hey Michael what would be some good cheap upgrades for your old PC? Like, if you still had it and wanted to upgrade it, what would you go for first? @timlives
Ok Markov will do
the actual video lol
this is the other one
@Deleted User The cheapest thing would probably be the graphics card. Get like a 1660 or something. Upgrading the CPU would require a motherboard upgrade, a new cooler and ram.
fuckin vegatal
THERE IS NO ROBOT TO GET INTO WHAT
I want to play Maiden and Spell but I'm scared of strangers so I don't wanna go to their discord
where'd jared go @timlives
oh what the fuck
hello jared
oh what the uck
that was automatic
hello michael
oh
what the fuck
uh
you guys wanna watch a cool video together
jarood is eating and Im video game
ahlright
I am no longer video game
wrong
I have pings enabled
@timlives u wanna gog
????
and jared too?
the fog's a gog
same
hWat
let me procrastinate damNIT
"The Fog" seems like a fun fantasy expletive
HMMM
NOPE DOESN'T RING A **_BELL_**
I'm already here, asshole
Did you know: “you” is a recursive word?
In fact, “yo(you)” and “yo(yo(yo(you)))” are equivalents.
@timlives fuck you frank
So does markov just decide when to mock us randomly, or is he coded with trigger words?
we can either m!trigger him, or there's a percent chance he appears after every message
we have it as like a 1/20 chance atm
it's like getting a critical hit in D&D
only instead of more damage, you get a bot in the image of a russian man spouting a collection of words strung along by an algorithm
That’s the percentage Charles
yooooo just got furloughed from work
:dab:
I need President Daddy to send me my check pls
I finished my taxes today finally
I had to put my art money under hobby income
@timlives HELLO
mah boi
Harry Potter
Lovecraft
@timlives come let me show u a cool
i can't believe michael is gonna go bald
Happy to start furlough but not happy that it's unpaid like
:RageCozy:
@timlives herere
@Demi Tarot HELP ME
there is no saving you
i like this @timlives
O:
We get it Mark
The internet is a big-a plaaace
Indeed. Too bad we fucking _died_.
Woulda' been _nice_ if we sur_vived_, but no-
we _died_.
oh no
the migrant birds
wow thanks for calling me fat Markov
they added in a feature to let me have the dark sidebar with a light theme again
but the light is way brighter than it used to be
I wish Andy Beshear was my dad
lol
@Deleted User Didn't 🅱️ichael say he was going back home today?
Tomorrow
Unless today is wednesday o.o
oh nah its tommorow
ohhhh kuraaaaajiii warrudoooo
ohhhh
ahhhh
kuraaaiii-jiii
kureiji
ohhhhh!!
kureeiijiiii neeee
death grips is online @timlives
q
cue
kyuu~
kewt
that's a nice jared cosplay
man so I was thinking about something the other day that low key fucked me up
like if you think of a fish, a bug or a bird, like there's a generic model that fits into place, hell even for reptiles y'know. but there is no generic mammal ( '^')v
I think a generic mammal is a rat monkey creature
tbh I just picture like 7 different things
Rats, monkeys, tigers, dolphins, whales, bats.
strange monkey fella
@Demi Tarot we gotta pick a target mange
okay so we target the internet
but it's big markov YOU GOTTA GIVE ME MORE
fellas
Love is War season 2
> _fellas_
yeehaweknow
*Fellas*
FELLERS
Fellers?
the konosuba movie is so good (;A; )
welcome back to kentackyland @timlives
how's the land
fucked
yeah
huh that's been kind of a running theme recently I've noticed
goddamn motherfuck drive- thru only takes those massive wave clumps of booze horders and bottlenecks them so it's a constant stream of running around like a jackass for hours on end jesus christ can't wait to do this tomorrow
damn employment
and my co-worker yesterday was sick, hoping it's just a typical stress related cold or some shit and not The Big Deal
if she ends up positive we're *fucked*
if that stimulus bill closes you could potentially leave work as marked self-isolation
MIGHT BE TOO LATE THOUGH HUH
🤧
still can't believe we qualify as life-sustaining
or that the people around here are actually patient enough to wait in a drive through line that coils all the way around the damn building
or that people would see a drive through line that wraps all the way around the damn building and an empty parking lot, and still pull up to see if we're open or not
Yay!
gat damn boondongle gotta get the dosh
got no dosh gotta get a make a dosh
gat damn
gotta get the furlough and gotta make the crass
then I can get the dosh and I uhhhh
_has stopped responsding_
do you know about org fill paragraph? @timlives
ok markie
yee
MICHEAL GO TO SLEEP OR SO HELP ME GOD I WILL MAKE YOU IMMORTAL
lmao he gone
:Clap: good job
i have yet to do the sleep
i don't believe it
habeeb it
TWINKIE HOUSE
unga bunga im so tired i have ascended into the 5th dimension
I can literally taste purple
AAAAAAAAAAAAA
I slept for four hours.
@Deleted User have you actually gone to sleep yet?
:Pepega:
:SMILERS:
:SMILERS:
@timlives
Yeah I've seen that
fuckin calculators
@timlives talk to me
:Surprised_Pikachu:
:BIGFROG:
@timlives beg
@a ghost with purpose tomorrowwwwwwwww
:peepoReallyHappy:
@a ghost with purpose @timlives help how do I organize
do I just not do stuff I can't immediate handle because no amount of jotting down is enough
for what
everything?
hello?
she fuckin died
@timlives
lol
@timlives hebe
steamsteamsteamsteamsteamsteamsteamsteamsteamsteamstesamsteamsteamsteam
:gachiGASM:
nice
can you eat, draw, and watch at the same time? @Demi Tarot
no
me either
cya
also I don't think my tablet works with that
same
that's why i'm using my controller
_yes_
wanna draw @Koala ?
i'm about to pop
bah
sorry lads
it's okay have a good one stay safe
That's hilarious
Right markie?
You are already participating big guy
Don't worry
I mean, that almost makes sense if you like make some stretches
That's the beauty of non-sense.
lmao
he has no idea what's going on but he wants to be part of something
Hardcore
Guys
I learned something new today
Andrew Cuomo, the governor of new york, whos like 60 something years old, has pierced nipples.
Idk what to do with that information
thanks chuck, i hate it
also markov please don't
markov is scarily human sometimes
I wanna make a chat-bot so bad @timlives
bruh Bannerlords is so fucking fun
ikr
*It's fuckin HARVESTING SEASON*
@Demi Tarot boi
r u okay
you talked yourself into a loop there harder than I do usually
nope ( 'u')
arghhe
keep your own tempo however you like it beyo
I'm gonna bixel, lmk if if I can help with *P L O T*
> @a ghost with purpose @timlives help how do I just picture like 7 different things
@nMarkov
Sorry Andrew, bye Andrew
you're a player so I can't really divulge too much.
the tl;dr of it, plot points I had thought up since before the session started weren't fully complete, and I now realize that making them work requires some convoluted steps.
oh I see
hello
:aAngryyPing:
bot
:amoji40_hnnngg: :amoji40_hnnngg: :amoji40_hnnngg:
:peepoGun:
Yeah! If you need to take time to evolve your initial ideas based on the steps we have taken, and then build on new ideas-- let's do it next week!
wow
why does he have an owo and vaporwave mode
WTF
***WTF***
because the person who made Markov is this a ~~cringey~~ nerd iirc
I don't think we're allowed to throw stones
okay he's a different, bigger kind of cringe
or maybe I'm just being judgmental based on what I know--
where's mikkle I found a stupid youtube thing for us to watch
~~He has like two major assignments due tomorrow and I'm uncertain of his last progress.~~
~~I think he'll be doing a lot of it today, or at least be upset that he hasn't done it yet.~~
ah
~~or maybe he'd have finished by the time he joins but hey who gnows~~
@mannie.exe I'd appreciate you not calling me out like this
I wish
Also I like how markov is struggling to use his imagination
the what now
You right.
hell yeah
THIS IS TRUE
Physicist? I thought you said Fizzy Cyst!
Sir please put your shirt back on and do see a doctor.
wtf
"ask child"
i'm here i promise
no you're not
UM
I'm trying to replace something in my headphones but I'm afraid the vinyl holding the velour earpads together has frozen in-place and is gonna tear when I take them apart. @timlives
dude wtf I don't remember it being so tense around the rim
@timlives did you submit that ass.
ass
markov that is oddly specific
is it raining there? @timlives
nope
rats
@Demi Tarot half-life vr? succy succy?
come on
man
i bet he ded
I am, but this aint about that
gonna die
...I do
Recently-Acquired-Twitterman strikes again by posting something the literal second I saw it
poor R(ecently-)A(cquired-)T(witterman).
oh i forgot to tell you michael
that show wasn't just an April Fools' prank
wtf were the final few minutes of that video
it's like an Easter Egg gone AWOL
u wanna ***hohHHHh*** per chance? @timlives
`
brb @timlives
SweewS
wtf
Thanks Markov
" --because that wasn't a gift that was a random magical moment I'm glad was chronicled in the dark" that's some visual novel shit
I live for random, magical moments— chronicled in the dark.
I think he went from building a computer, to building a deck, to building itself. All in the span of one sentence.
what did I just witness jared
Wow Markie, pretty vain.
@timlives can you hear me?
I'm pretty sure I remember a cartoon character that looked just like that...
captain caveman?
cousin it?
I thought so at first— but I remember one with a similar helmet.
Very short. Like Cpt. Caveman but not him.
Damn.
What a progressive rat
@timlives but is Tim really living rn?
I think not
I think that timbe
Timsickofyourshit
Sometimes timdying
Rn timupsetti because I’m spilling spaghetti
timgone
@timlives
tim wanna play
or tim wanna dougdimmadome
?
@Demi Tarot
digdougdimmadamn!
i don't have a computer man!
wanna play a board game jaaayrrrrred?
I dunno
this is the most character consistency I've had since Igneel
Wait, shit, I lost it
okay bunman enjoy prison let me know if i can know to let you know the know you need to be let known
did you eat all your weed at once?
this is all shit that is being fed to Markov
this is why I added Markov
~~so I could say shit like this and have an excuse~~
you're being a bad influnce
well i'm sure as hell not a great influence
i am definitely _an_ influence
Where did my capital letters go? Here we go.
okay michael was supposed to help us find a board game to play but he's pooping
do you wanna recommend something?
nope
okay but do you wanna play onlineboard-game because we only need _one_ other person to make this more than a 1v1
BOARDGAME-ONLINE
excuse me
Yo @Deleted User do you know about CoD: Warzone?
I’ve been seeing FB vids of it and I’m kinda’ intrigued.
It's pretty fun man
I don't play the normal BR mode tho, I play Plunder
Dang I might give it a go if I find the PC for it
@timlives wanna try Maiden and Spell again later tonight?
sure
let's try@timlives
is Gal and Dino a Netflix thing? I didn't see it on Crunchy Roll
Funimation :c
Also Animelab
But no Netflix or Crunchyroll
Alternatively:  @Demi Tarot
kissanime more like kiss my ass, minin bitcoins and shit and breakin
lol what a nerd
ohg
@timlives let’s go to the malt shop @Demi Tarot
even Hank was scared
"I don't wanna lose a dong." -Hank Hill, 20XX
my man is learning too well
markov get back to work
I wish I had your enthusiasm sometimes.
Oh wait. We fed you our enthusiasms.
Dong
act 3: part 3 is up!
GORDON
I'M HUNGRY
@Demi Tarot let's go the boy is boying
ONE MORE
MINUTE
Switch = Story PRogress
event to go to kitchen is a tile that is basically like :step here to go to kitchen
you can set pages on that event to change it based on a switch
so, as you do a progress flag, you turn a switch on, and when the switch is flipped, the steppy tile changes to take you to the proper Kitchen Map
@Demi Tarot I'm dying
I'd like the clusterfuck to be delayed another week if possible.
discuss it to the council
i.e the other players
I rang the council bell
amen
@Demi Tarot @timlives hear that?
is it pointing at you when you say that, or are you not in the bro zone?
Hard to say, considering Markov is literally quoting me.
I'd like to imagine me saying "amen" just continued a conversation on Markov's side, and he was like "shid man"
"fug luv u guys ;'c"
we all know being a politician is like smoking weed-- a complete, packaged personality trait*
@timlives my new daily driver
what the hell
You might say that OS is
the best of both worlds.
stop
This is what I aspire to be
@timlives mikemeboi dither hither or slither, but don't wither or wane until it's within us
i have fiber now
ez 500 down 200 up
:RainbowPls:
^' )need a roommate? Michael who?
my goblin cave could certainly house all of us
Oh boy. I have always wanted to be a goblin.
Congrats.
How was the tornado btw? @a ghost with purpose I am not sure what areas were affected.
I heard it was bad
I haven't looked outside in weeks tho
damn that meme was even wilder this time around
I need to rename Markov to Attention Bot
LIGMA BALLS
Michael watch that Crap Guide to Goblins and SEE how attacked we are
That hits a little too hard
and I know nothing about drawing sexy goblins *cough*
nice
I don't even consider myself DM'ing rn yet I still feel attacked
@timlives why are you up so early?
I thought you'd have classes at this time
Its almost three
my class time on friday is at 11
Oh right
Well done
oh yeah, did you guys ever click the side-game link so I can give you sheet access?
i did now
you only showed up once this time, good job
/.-./.-./.-./.com
also brb
back
This is probably important for some of us
@timlives including you (even if you haven't filed taxes since 2017)
IMPORTANT
:goteem:
cmither @timlives
@Demi Tarot are u d&d or d&ded?
it was canned, art time now
okay i'ma groove
I dunno if this helps for a Demi Theme, but this is super fucking catchy
@timlives
"A regular beer is touched by a black man at least once." -Mannie "The Racist" Mann 2020
Pinned a message.
I FORGOT YESTERDAY WAS KAGUYA DAY
I HAVE A REASON TO KEEP LIVING
why is it not on Crunchy roll
...
FUNIMATION ( 'A')
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa
life is too cruel
well time to abandon my principles and hunt it down on smooch japanimation
it's only loading at 720, and I feel like even my already shitty internet is being throttled....
the struggle
but I will not be defeated by such trivial inconveniences
MY WHOLE LIFE IS NOTIHNG BUT TRIVIAL INCONVENIENCES
-( 'A')- YOUR WARZONE IS MY GARDEN, YOU FOOLISH WEBSITE, DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM?
I think it's not even loaded a full minute in the past 10
I closed the tab and lost all that progress
y'know what anime updated that isn't on funimation?
> -( 'A')- YOUR WARZONE IS MY GARDEN, YOU FOOLISH WEBSITE, DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM?
-Jorrad the Upfucker, circa. 1982
Pinned a message.
me about an hour after that bitching one liner trying to just download the episode file and watching my download speed ping pong between 120 kb/s and 4! kb/s
when I download steam games it usually chills at over 300 kb/s
I'm not sure if it's a chrome thing or if this site is throttling me
Gosh
excuse me did I see it go down to B/s for a split second
what the god damn
why is Zach in one of these How it's Actually Made videos?
and downloaded after ENTIRELY TOO LONG
it took about 2 hours
but finally finally
I just finished watching the first episode
sometimes....hardships and suffering....are rewarded
never stop believing in *sometimes*
soup
its ded
Shit boiz I'm $1,200 richer.
mmm tendies check
Ah yes, nothing like a casual reminder of my KFC-addiction on welfare day.
I wonder where Michael is.
Maybe be got the welfare check too, and him and his Dad are now going on a shopping spree.
Oh what the fuck.
Oh man.
Oh no.
Oh shit. Oh fuck.
Oh Discord had a server issue for a minute. Nothing serious.
still his best song
The Michael Fit
@timlives I can't believe you are deadn't.
I will undie in like 30 minutes
I might not be done with this police report stating our car was busted into by then though
fuck dude
goddammn
@timlives come let's go bowling together
more bassy grooves
I'd really like to live compose with you around
Also I have a tablet now.
@timlives HELLO
yikes
That's gonna be a real PR dream.
oh no rito
Jared, you have been witnessed.
Michael be like
Int 18, Wisdom 6
muke
15 seconds
whoa
So bannerlord is $50 right
but steam has a bundle with warband, where you save 15%
i can buy the bundle, and pay only 42 for bannerlord, and get an extra copy of warband since i already own it lmfao
I don't think you can get a bundle if you already own it
I tried to get a 4 pack of a game once and it wouldn't let me
Zagit
it Mickle
That video was sooo good.
@timlives heyyy buddy!
@timlives ay bitch wanna see my 🐘??
Join me in the windsong @timlives
ABBA
@timlives @mannie.exe figue yall would dig this
I love this.
You thought you knew
@timlives come listen to the wind blow
Nya nya nyanaNANana
Nya nya nyanaNANana
Nye *kth* *tsh* NYE *kth* nye
the finale is out
we can watch after I feed goats in like 20 minutes
I drew a shit post based on that friend I was talking about
is this a fucking interrogation?
Except not ps4
more shit posts
I like these shitposts, they funny
@timlives very cool
I feel like that's a sexist joke.
@timlives
⛏️ -('^' ) desu ka?
*COUGHS*
*spreads Germans across two aisles*
@timlives @Demi Tarot I asked my hosting provider to upgrade my Windows-- it was some enterprise, server edition that was incompatible with shit and I needed to give them my own license.
So no server but I backed up all I did. I guess Michael will have to run it for another day.
@timlives eyao
I need to find a better way to get anime, trying to download episode 2 of Kaguya Sama and it's literally just doing 0 bits
downloading steam games tops out at like 360 KB/s, but I can barely break double digits with this PoS
lol I got rid of everything I did yesterday.
We are on server-side plugins now. You can use whatever to connect to the server— no client-side mods needed.
If you're still using the instance, it might fail to connect to something in the beginning, but it will still work.
```
· click instance in MultiMC
· click "Edit Instance"
· click "Settings" menu item
· click "Custom Commands" tab
· uncheck or clear pre-launch command
```
^ this will get rid of the window at the beginning that fails to connect
@timlives cmither
He's not here yet
@timlives if you were a sword you'd be chunchunmaru
yo @mannie.exe i tried curry and naan bread for the first time today
like from some Indian restaurant up here
didja' like it
it was pretty good
the naan bread was fucking lit, but i wish the curry had more meat in it
hell yee
that's not very nice to Mr. Gator
do you have baby dick ass arms?
No I just like to be aware of disabilities without belittling disabled creatures.
that sounds like something someone with baby dick ass arms would say
Remnant from the ashes is 40% off my dudes
anyone got it already or plan on getting it and wanna play?
what the fuck is that
@timlives come here batman
dark souls but gun
@Demi Tarot @timlives can we continue today?
I am today
probs yeah
(approaching)
(in 10)
I am here
it's been 10 minutes *twice*
you're breaking my heart child
hi hello my power went out
did we wanna continue thinging the thing?
oh right I need to turn my desktop back on and have it boot up
on it's not solid drive
@timlives
who the fuck pees with a boner
sometimes you ain't got a choice
Early morning pees
yain't ever pissed with morning wood before?
this got 90s anime opening vibes
in the meme they are in a public bathroom, unless he got hard from looking at Duke Nukem then it kinda weird
would you not?
I'm just saying if thats the case then yeah it makes sense if not it's weird
@timlives @Demi Tarot AHHHH
I have class in five minutes
AHHHHH
well
that's just D&D
:3
done
o
@Demi Tarot gibe 5
I'm still fuggin eating
I love markov
Literally what Markov said.
What if we feed this Markov to the other Markov?
I imagine a lot of redundancy
Accurate.
michael works the kitchen in gaming house is now canon
when you spawn into a new server and it's night
thanks now I'll go play Minecraft
@Demi Tarot
mite b cool
It's only two players though.
are you implunging you'd like to play this while we wait for mikkle?
If you're availailailailable
yeah I finished up a drawing and my head is too fucked to work on anything personal
Also I definitely downloaded BETA 1.4.7 and just looked at it for a little bit.
Aite coo
I'll setup a server.
which version did I need for this?
says 1.15.1, you think being on .2 will break it?
No, probably won't break it.
I doubt it relies on any bugs that got fixed
lol
what
he's lonely
and misses micheal
that's ominous
what are you planning?
my headset doesn't wanna fucking sync
also @nMarkov
There's a resource pack in the file, do you wanna get it yourself with the map or should I just give you the pack?
let me see if it'll do a server prompt
Ahhh, right I can make it do that. I'll do that.
don't tell me the usb ports are dying or some dumb shit
there we go, finally
Gimme 10, I need to setup the server and mic as well.
I guess while I wait I'll just ask Markov what this jankass plan he's working on is
98.244.47.9
is that your goat my doad
OH
will you be resurfacing btw
no my head hurts
oh okay
rest easy friendo
YOOOO
You can buy and trade stocks as well as bitcoin on cashapp!!!!
Ya boi here now owns $10 worth of bitcoin lmfao
nice
Well $9.78 after the fee
@mannie.exe @timlives @Demi Tarot is there a place where I can find the DnD 5e books again
the old links in the tavern are ded
I found the handbook super easy just googling it
A complete, but kinda' slow index:  @Koala
Has many other systems as well.
thanks a bunch mantheman
be yeeted into the realm of fantasy my friend
@Demi Tarot do you still have the thumbnail/headshot of my monk D&D character from a while ago?
I can grab it I think
wait, no I can't
I didn't upload that one on roll20
it was in our DMs you dingus
lol it's been a long time since we had a DM that you didn't show up in my list lol
thanks tho
I wonder what's for Michael
@Demi Tarot are you diverse?
I'm a straight whiteman so no
but I do like minecraft
fair
@timlives
I miss my homie Michael, real shit.
Big
same
"oh here's one from JOHN CENAAA"
@timlives **shikachikaaa**
I recognize all these dances
@timlives i'm baaaa
that's deep
I agree
I wanna play Minecraft, but I'm afraid I'll build the universe.
but then you can make Apple Pie from scratch
That's true.
I'd like to make
[Apple Pie] x1
from scratch.
I wonder what Michael's up to.
Michaeling around
being a Michael
Michaeling his way through Michael
`closet.apexmc.co`
@timlives kk
:legXD:
it's like a genie
with leg bottoms
just leg for bottoms
@Deleted User Dude is Remnant good? It looks good...
You can get a glowing red meme eye ability
Oof
no. I'm not
oh i mean
if you're not implunging
does that mean you can continue mushi-shi?
i like glowing red eye meme ability
@timlives hey can I tell ou abu raid shadow :legXD:
:legXD: bro
@timlives [summon]
More like raid shadont ever talk to me or my son again
:legXD:
what the hell is that.
is this a cult thing?
:legXD:
GOD
Oh sorry just saw your message @mannie.exe yea dude its fun af
dark souls with guns
@timlives the boy is still in classes?
Gun souls sounds pretty gucc
@timlives come come my lady
You're my 🦋 , sugar, 👶
:legXD:
@Demi Tarot hey do you have any thoughts or experience about Clip Studio?
I didn't like the stabilizer but it was better than most
@timlives
hhhhhh
This is what peak male performance looks like
I believe it
@timlives BOWLING
@timlives I love how
same
@timlives I'm rich for a minute
nice
Is this what the balance of life is? Get money, then instantly be crippled by cluster headaches, migraines, and vomiting minutes later?
yeah
Sweet. I can finally become a billionaire by killing myself.
pretty much
nah you become a billionaire from killing other people
I will ditch America in a heartbeat to become a citizen of Alton Brown’s nation.
Fuck, I already did.
On the inside.
oh boy
I'll be in that state when it's midnight for me too.
See you in three hours.
waow
@timlives didja win
mood
"what if it focused on building and maintaining a Tribe. So you can also accumulate NPCs that do stuff around your home camp, so while you're out adventuring you got some people running farms for food and materials, so the players, as champions, can deal with the exploring and monster fighting"
how does unknown energy sound for a production studio name?
p.s. unknown.energy is also a domain name
unknown but energetic
where would I be without this level of perception?
Cleaveland
Cleveland?
More like
C.leave.land
Hey do you still use the Demi Tarot Steam account?
yes
why?
oh
Could you go ahead and download that for tomorrow? It’d be nice to have a third. (Regardless of whether you can end up playing or not.)
sure why not
@mannie.exe I love you homie
we out here
I just wanted to share some öats
...Andrew?
Hamburgie that’s confidential
*Fuggin dun b dryin de sneabk into Habdes*
can I get a boy to help me test Risk of Rain 2?
Trying to see if unmodded clients can connect to a modded server
fuckadad radattat @Deleted User
Is this true jared
yes, it is hard to constantly ejaculate
Yeah I though art made thing hard
oh buddy @timlives
wouldja look at it
I feel you markov
"***digdougdimmadamn!***"
@timlives
help my computer turned off
@timlives
I agree. It will still work damn it
~~Demi Tarot#2445 Michael can’t stop talking about your penis help~~
@timlives ding do
@timlives I'll be BACK (in 1)
b4uslep come blep
when the fucc michael and mannie gonna wake up so we can play RoR2
idk about michael but I'm making mods for RoR2 now
@Deleted User michael prolly won't be around for a few hours
do you wanna play a game or two?
I'm omw back guys
@timlives
so after like a month, my amoeboid brain finally realized why my co-workers name sounded familiar
IT WAS THE CHICK WHO CUCKED ROB
nice
it's time
to make
a clone
of risk of rain 2
I have garnered zero new information from learning to mod RoR2 but it feels nice to understand what's there. Though I'm not sure how all of this interacts.
You know how Diablo 3 has the dungeon generator? @timlives
RoR2 has something known as the "director"
I have no idea what it is to be honest, but the context has taken me far
wait I was wrong
the cucker girl was Jessica
Who're Patricia and McKenzie?
They sound familiar when I think of "Rob" and "cuck"
Patricia is his present gf, small and cute but psycho af
dunno a McKenzie
such is the price of small and cut
thought she got knocked up a while back, so is Rob raising the kid? did she get rid of it?
I mean Darren has a child too. Hell, my parents had a child too. Best of luck to the two of them lmao.
oof
mannie wanna play RoR?
yeah sure
Give me a minute to get some things together first
I'm setting up an AI that is able to take full songs and split them into individual tracks. I can't wait to slap some song elements I like together.
oooo
am i foreseeing a redbone remix in the future xD
no that sounds like something I'd see on the internet
if it's on the internet then why am I killing my brain cells making it??
@timlives [summon]
yo i think he ded
@timlives something cool just came
Is Markov being sarcastic?
sounds like it
@timlives let's play game
want game?
what game
too late
no game for u
ok
OK
want to play game?
what game
the fun one
My drone is already in a tree and I’m getting a new one next week.
wait really
Yep
Did you know redwoods are really tall?
Like, 60ft taller than the building next to it?
yeah they big
Know that it took less than 10 minutes after we stopped talking.
🙏
I’m no game.
change da world
ok
@timlives wello
@timlives help
@Demi Tarot what do you do (play) nowadays (video game-wise)?
sleep, and work
okay that's what I thought
how are you feeling uhhhh jaareemi
I have work tomorrow
dreadful then I suppose
bruh you gotta go downtown
how do u fantasy                        rpg
play fantasy rpg, copy things you like
my skull is literally going to fall off my spine
what magic
is even
how is even a game
what are hands?
how does fun work?
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Civ 6 is free on Epic my dudes
@timlives @mannie.exe RoR2?
I'm here
Michael's probably restarting
Ok ill hop in voice when I'm done dropping a shit
@timlives
important
that is very important
@timlives @Deleted User come on
take 2
Is it bad that sometimes I lie awake at night feeling like a bad friend because I invited Michael over one time for new years I think and I fell asleep and he sat outside in the cold waiting on me to let him in and then left because I didn't wake up until like an hour later.
Markov what the fucc
dude, Its alright. I have never been upset about that. I figured you and kim where just tired from working.
I know lol but it sucked because that was like one of the last times we were able to hang out before I moved
Ok Markov you do that chief
Why is our AI setting up another AI? Should we be concerned
at least you didn't like didn't fuck up lunch plans twice because
A) you didn't want to park your car in the rain (?) so you drove really slowly past the school without stopping or giving me a chance to even see if it was your car. And give up immediately
B) you overslept and told me you couldn't get out of bed because your dick was too big
did I mention that Rob was a grade a fugger
hahahaah fuck Rob
@timlives come on princess @Deleted User
@Koala have you thought about getting Risk of Rain 2?
It's like me asking if you've accepted Jesus into your life.
We've literally played together
The _second_ one?
Really?
Yes
*We have*
Stephan. The drugs are catching up man
Alright let's play!
@timlives remind Mannie please
Wait Michael was there too.
**MICHAEL WAS THERE TOO**
yeah
_I remember now_
we played with steven
WE HAVE A SQUAD?
SQUAD?
omg SQUAD?
I'm making dinner at the moment
OMG two soldiers a quartermaster and a chef?
Michael what the fuck is Mannie talking about
I got Charles the game earlier
And Jared too, but this game is OP and a little inefficient so he can't play.
So, now remembering that you have the game too, we have a SQUAD.
mannie likes squads
Yea I'm at work but I get off at like 11 tonight so I should be able to hop on if you guys are still up. Ik Michael usually dies at like 10pm my time.
Guys Darren has a kid.
Like, I forget that all the time. Then remember Darren evidently had sex with someone.
it seems unreal and horrifying until you realize that person is Ashton
Thats true
it's an edit, Markov
what the fuck stephan
I had a stroke reading that
I got my mask
hawt
true
true
true
@timlives
@timlives hello
@Deleted User why
Why not lmao
@timlives math me
@timlives
I would blush
I still think about that time we were in the book store in the mall and walked into the section that was nothing but 50 Shades of Gray and were like "how bad can it be" so we turned to a random page in the middle of the book and saw where it just said "Suck" and we closed it and just left lmfao @timlives
Its hard to take a book seriously if that is the first word you see
Bruva released Bro Trip 3 a.k.a Black Michael and Goth Stephan
@timlives my monitor is capped at 30hz because that's what the MacBook Pro HDMI port supports and mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cables are an expensive, out-of-stock commodities during a pandemic that originated from the world's manufacturing hub.
yono
@timlives
Hey @Demi Tarot have you seen 🧱 & Mortar Season 03-04?
I've not seen the more recent season 4s
I think the heist one was the last one I saw
Our boi Michael hasn't seen it since 03. I'd like to finish those and Mushi-shi-shi.
I'd be down
Liiit how's tomorrow session panning?
so far so good
as far as you know ( 'v')
oooooweeeee
Michael can't fug but he godda
idk if he'd be alive to watch 03 but wbu?
Tonight?
probs
Alright he's game for an epi
@timlives ahhhh
@timlives hello?
I can hear you
@timlives @mannie.exe
are you a fan of my extremely darkened man? @timlives
Markov are you mocking me?
For the next four whole days
Wait all of that stuff is free on Epic Games?
I don't remember if I own CivV now. I wonder if cross-platform play works fine.
@timlives help me
how do i not thermal throttle
My laptop is not handling discord + Firefox + second monitor well.
oof
@timlives @Demi Tarot can we R&M?
sure
go eat your naan bread
ye maybe
@timlives come on don't be watching a bideo now `~`
\'~'
>drops rice
i had naan with butter chicken and rice tonight
Hello?!
Lol
We can Bean & Poultry?
Rick & Morty*
@timlives Bean burritos
I'm watching avatar, I have just a couple episodes left
Extreme Bean Burritover
Aite
shall we?
do a thang?
@timlives @Demi Tarot @Deleted User @Koala
Chuck and Chortle!
Buck & Forty!
Rick and Riccardo!
Mickle....*is Bread*
oh he is, he was green a second ago
He'll be green sooner than later
bread
what
what are we doing
mannie wanted to watch rick and morty, but now he is ded
binch
henlo
am round
did we jus get Robbed
@mannie.exe u rob fucker
NOO
I have THINGS GOING ON TOO YOU FUCKS
@Demi Tarot He's back
@Deleted User do you wanna watch Rick & Morty
@timlives
@timlives
watch me buy a display to mini-displayport cable
live 2020
@ monoprice.com (not sponsored)
MANNIE PLES
how did you find out?
live feed of the protests across the country
:monkaS:
Yooooooo did you watch the LA car chase
Legit thought they were going to get away a few times
yeah I saw that
Saw a lot of crazy shit last night
Sacramento literally on fire
Riots and looting all over the country
I tuned in just in time for a broadcaster to get arrested in Atlanta
then watched 200 people get mass arrested on a Dallas highway
saw over 100 storefronts looted in rhode island
there was an apartment complex set on fire and a woman trapped on the top floor
and the firetrucks were all blocked by protestors
god damn it
Saw a guy harassing news reporters for "Selectively reporting looting during a peaceful protest"
then he walked a block down the road and saw 3+ shoe stores getting looted, an atm getting broken into, and a car on fire
He was like
"I guess there's some vandalism going on..."
:fug:
@Demi Tarot show ur dndddrrr let us know if you wanna watch rick and murrrr
I do things on tuesdays
gotchurrr
@Deleted User request presence for rorrrrr2
@Koala too
am play DnD tonite
d_An_**ggg**
have fun fucking dwarves and shit
yeuh
@timlives
BROOOOOOOOOOOOO
>DLC
aahm excited ahh guesss
It better be like Space Desti- wait that's already in space. Like Space Mass Effe- hold on. Like Space... Remnant: From the Ashes? Space Planetsi- fuck.
@Deleted User Remnant is 40% off right now! I'm getting it holy shit!
Game Idea #1: An AI takes over your strategy board game.
Boi nice
Markov you better not UwU you fucking degenerate
yo what
yikes
Bruh wut
markie
marko
damn
Did markov just say my life has no value lmfao
he was saying he was going to lower the value and make a new one
I mean he not wrong tho
imagine an AI that just tells you you're useless, then finds a nearly identical version of you across the planet that's just slightly better than you and replaces your lives
O.o
damn
how was the seshesterday? @Demi Tarot
considering I pulled literally all the content out of my ass
pretty good
that's pretty goooood
are you busy today? wanna risk and market when Michael's around?
if only
I suppose
we're critting a lot
my head's been hurting all day so I can't focus on any work
so might as well write the day off
dam
Michael may not be making it today though. It's already... 6? He's probably out and about doing around town in an off-white gown like he do
@Deleted User do you play Destiny 2 by chance?
I have in the past
Its fun, but only with friends
Also, thought you guys might like this.
Hm
This one instead
Cool
@timlives @Demi Tarot @Deleted User @Koala Shall we?
go to the
rick and malt
shop?
are they alie
i live
Well that's one.
what are we doin
Rick and Morty is the plan-o.
Michael maybe watching videos or something.
HE LIVES
come on
@Demi Tarot @Koala ARE WE GOO- ahem are we good for Rick and Morty?
yannaw?
:goteem:
dang old risk of rain 2 or something
how have people managed to make video games in this environment?
it's literally crazy.
@timlives my cousin! let's go [game development] together
Benis
wtf
@timlives come let's get you some dank ror2 skins
ez
I'm not saying I'd clap Lissandras cheeks, but something about a blind bitch wit ice powers who can freeze my nut really do it for me.
that's pretty hetero
F
BOND
i'm beaning
you guys have seen this right?
@timlives shall we play?
>playing musical chairs in 2003
did mikmak mention anything about falling into the void?
sorry Markov, not now
did his power go out?
wat
yeah his power went out
Manman says not where he goes, we only know once hes gone
manman gave a status report
mikmak had power outtage
Doug Dimmadamn that ps5 looks nice
@timlives hellol
@here would anybody like to watch a comedy series?
such as?
Dave
It's really good.
Michael doesn't wanna watch anything tonight but later
Divinity OS 2 is on sale rn
I think we all have it
Can't remember who it was i played with. i think @Koala tho
Probably lol
help I can't stop listening to anime vampire girl btfo the jonas brothers
what *is* the price of a small and cut?
why is our AI talking about our AI making and selling AIs?
...
kinda scared, not gonna lie
Is this the singularity? Did we cause this with a discord chat bot?
if anyone was dumb enough  to do it. It'd be we
nice
nice work guys on the ai
oh fuck it IS the singularity
😳
My dad wants to buy a big house and force me and some of you guys to live there
yeah game de~~a~~d
@mannie.exe
:CleoPeek:
:HYPERSHAKE:
no, I am afraid of intimacy
@timlives AAh
That's actually true. I don't have a Sat and I'm inefficient with my time management. So I can't play.
Now THIS is wrestling.
@timlives you son of a bitch; I'm in
hello
i saw this and didnt want to suffer alone
help
She left?
And now shes back?
i dont know
all i know is there are some fire lines in there
Thanks Markov
Oh shit it's a song?
He doesn't implunge much anymore mate
Its bad for the health
something like that.
How have you been ol buddy
i'm doing just swell
good to hear, watcha been up to lately?
i've been grinding BDO for the past few months and haven't really got into much else
you?
working from home since ye olde pandemicke appeared
gonna be moving to Texas in like a month and a half for my next work rotation doing IT stoof
texas huh
pretty cool
yup
cue *I wanna be a cowboy baby*
it's pretty nice out west, I've grown to like Kansas a bit
in my head texas is just the same culture as kansas but more ego but maybe i'm wrong
:LUL:
Texas is the greatest country in the United States :KEKW:
:KKonaW:
Texas has much better mexican food lol
I will be in the land of Tex-Mex
so they released a bunch of PS3/PS4 games on steam
what's new
Heavy Rain, Detroit: Become Human, and Beyond: Two Souls
im looking to see if theres more
i think those 3 are it
wait what
waiting for the Horizon Zero Dawn steam release
nat 20 on lore check I guess
last of us 2 is so pretty
holy shit
it is güd?
@timlives let's go bow-
hello, michael
@timlives @mannie.exe figured you guys would dig that
I do it's good
mannie wants to know if you have heard "The Search"
Oh yea I love NF and all his music
I'll be home in like 30-40 minutes btw
@Demi Tarot hello if you are Downe2Dave pls go
what the fuuuu
Hello??? @timlives
oh hey, Hylics 2 is coming out in 2 days
Man this weeks episode of Kaguya was a real feels trip
noooooooo
god, yeah that Kaguya episode
Ishigami really is best boi
What the FUCK is a HYLICS?
MAYBE?
claymation absurdist RPG
Dudes, Max0r hearted and pinned my comment on his world of tanks video. I got clout now bois.
UwU
When do you move to Los Angeles Mr. Influencer
@here hellooo
Sorry Mike
:angrytato:
@mannie.exe
hello how are you doing today Andrü
ok by
helo my bruda
i am well i hope u r 23
I am indeed 23, will be 24 in a few months.
fuq
im not even 23 yet
You're almost there bud
jesus you are babby
:comfypepe2:
:PepoDance:
I am watching Lil' Dicky's TV series with Michael
It's pretty great
But Michael is
:8053_Steve_Dab:
ded
how is it
It's really sweet. Just 10 episodes in thr first season.
Michael liked the first episode.
I picked the most atrocious, grotesque, and beautiful case for a new PC I have the pleasure of building.
It looks like its going to transform into a toaster oven. Or a slightly more normal-looking computer.
I hate how my brain is like
"swirling miasma of misery, I feel sick, having a hard time ignoring intrusive thoughts"
then out of nowhere just remembers
"you e?"
and I lose my shit
@timlives come on
@Demi Tarot mannie has a dumb thing to show us. do you?
I have nothing to show you
It's good
You'll like the five minutes
Probably
I'm thinging a thing
kerchoo...
} **Case**
} **Motherboard**
} **CPU**
} **RAM**
} **SSD**
} **GPU**
** // ASIDE**
 } **Fans ehehe**
 } **White PSU Cables oooh**
** // okbye**
@timlives wanna do a thing in 3 minutes?
sure
LET GO
@Deleted User hello
wat
@Koala risk of rain 2?
fuck it im down
@Demi Tarot happy birthday let's goooo hopefully Michael and you can elope before the heat death of your combined existences
gay
Yeah you are you Zelda-looking motherfu
I mean
it is
This AI knows too much
he has learned so much
happy birthday jared
🔫
you're pretty neat
lmao
This man so tsundere
no that's legit
This man so tsun
"Kids these days call it 'tsundere'"
I've bene dreading this day all month and got nothing done because of it
Bet, how much do you hate where you live rn?
Is it more than usual?
a bit
Stay safe and chill brõ
@mannie.exe
H E L O C H O P T E R
I fucking saw that already. No man no. The Striker is as bad as I'm willing to go.
Mannie I managed to keep Sheraht useful and plot relevant even though he was off camera for most of the session
and he didn't die
some day Markov
that's bittersweet
thanks
and damn Markov knows
*~ooooh~*
steam sale started today
and steam is slow as shit now from all the basement dwellers emptying their wallets lol
@timlives damn it
do I wanna know what unfortunate event this precedes?
god fuck jesus why
@timlives hello I have phone mic but let's play RoR2
one secound
@timlives jam with me brother
oh char
ohhhhhhhh carlos
mmmmmcarmerillo
I'm glad you've discovered Fesh Pince.
Also look-up the Misadventures of Skook.
oh michael already shown me those lol
@timlives let's gay
@mannie.exe sorry was afgay
I broke my headphones
well fuck
what kinda stroke
UH
WHAT
how does that work
He's turning into Andrew, but the corporate thinning of his time into unrelevant ventures is straining him.
i guess markov gets paid to grind bdo
one sec
@timlives come
@timlives is that a _**FUCKING**_  **bAnGeR** of a song there?
hey kid
i'm a compooter
stop all the @timlives ing
bond with me @timlives
i'd buy that
if I had a kitchen
@timlives
he dead
I FOUND THE MEDIEVAL SONG IN THE END
@timlives PEOPLE ARE REALLY GOOD AT rOr2
finally a real fucking president
@timlives
Nekrogoblikon is so damn good
oh right, someone at work tested positive so I had to go get tested after work
Nosefucking showed negative
that's good
it wasn't as bad as getting stabbed with a needle, but it was still annoying and my nose still kinda hurts
I have narrow sinuses I bet it's gonna suuuuuuck if I have to test
god how far does the swab go...
It goes way back there
^^^ thats how far its supposed to go
@mannie.exe
Holy fuck I'm uncomfortable looking at that
it feels like when you get one of those really bad sneezes that stings a little bit and won't come out
they called it "The Mindreader"
my nose still kind of hurts, but that could be actual allergies now
I tested negative, Markov, calm down
lmao
Markov like "yo this nibba gon fuckin die"
you're doing fine sweetie
Markov smite this man
Markov anti lobbyist confirmed
Also hes a baller
Its the bois
Where the fuck is the Michael?
Do you guys play tabletop simulator
?
sometimes
i was thinking about getting it
10 bucks for unlimited board games ain't too bad
I've played it with other friends, can be a pretty great time
this is stuck in my head now, so you dudes gotta hear it too
damn it sonuvadamnol dangit
Hello
Michael
My involuntary second half. How arrrre you doing today?
I am
jammin
Anyone down to play a 4 player survival horror game if i get it for em?
nvm apparently the game is EA abandonware
why does markov know my streetname
also apparently markov thinks Jared is doing you
he's shipping now, he's finally become human
time to put him down
How does it feel to know youve made life
I'm horrified and disgusted
like when you accidentally on purpose nut in the fat stripper for BAH
nice
Scientists all over are wondering if and when they'll achieve singularity and we've done it in a couple of months of shitposting with a discord bot
oh no, he's learned guilt
@mannie.exe @timlives
have i posted that before?
I don't think you have
oh i did back in june lol
you guys gotta stop picking on my markov
That's right. I'm trying to 100% the AI branch this playthrough.
@timlives gum here budder
@Deleted User what game did you wanna buy us?
GTFO?
Hemlo
HENLO
Now I've seen everything. Thanks Michael.
reminds me of Andrew's dad
@Demi Tarot I shiggy diggy
OOF
:thonking:
I'm pretty sure we uh, actually stopped fighting in Vietnam, not just pretended
@timlives
nice
it do be nice
it took me so fucking long to find the name of the song lmao
hell yea projekt melody
You clearly have a charisma score that oscillates between 6 and 12 on a monthly basis get it RIGHT
boi
That probably has bad temps
Hmmmmm CPU AiO is the only, single fan intake and two GPUs are stacked on top of each other...
*Probably* is being generously humble here.
:dumpsterfire:
bois im learning about WH40K
hot damn
So far Plague Marines are my favorite
Papa Nurgle bless
Someone in the comments described WH40K as "Imagine siding with the Nazi's because they're fighting C'thulu"
you got Locusts, Commies, Nazis, Elves, drugged up BDSM thots, 4 flavors of cthulu, angry terminator skeletons all out there slapping each other
I like Slaanesh because thot god
um does anybody here still play or has played Warzone?
alternatively, RoR2 or CS:GO would be funnnn
@timlives initiate boot sequence
Yarp I play Warzone
It a good BR
I'll be on in a bit to play some RoR
death stranding came out today on pc
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
Mmmm always wanted to be mindfucked by a walking sim
And by mindfucked I mean confused
what's so confusing about Norman Reedus walking across the US trying to fix the internet while using a baby to detect ghosts that are scared of his piss?
^^^
all of it
Everyone always hyped Kojima, but I'll be honest, I feel like he's not as good as everyone thinks
Either that, or DS is the perfect example of what you get when you put the highest expectations on one mans shoulders, and are inevitably let down
I mean, from the beginning a confusing artistic mess is what I expected
What does mannie have a bundle of?
you don't owe me anything Markov
He owes you for giving him life and sentience lol
WAT
god damn, he's reaching back to some random event from the first episode here in the season finale
This is only markys first episode bois
Oh god we're only in Markovs prologue
he only grows more powerful
When is the tournament arc
@timlives
That's a good one too
i got every DoW game for like $25 on g2a just now lol
so i spent 50 cents buying loot points for g2a
gets you 5 loot points
i opened one crate, and got a rare game that i wouldnt play
sold it for more loot points
got 256
Congratulations! You have discovered: **_black market video game gambling_**. Have fun!
yah yeet
just got goat sim
We all wish for simpler days man.
@mannie.exe you want borderlands 2 lmao
I have BL2
Unless you meant 3.
nah it dropped 2
Ahh, nah I'm good then. I got it.
We have enough games to play lol. At least I do.
lol
same
DoW 2 doesnt run in 1920 x 1080 😦
try harder
boi
idk what that even means xD
then you better try harder
it's easy
try harder
find GlaDoS
or a GL window resizer tool. I bet there's a mod for it too.
oh dude, I totally found a solution but it's mildly complicated
Not the same game though, right? Might have same engines underneath.
meh too many hoops to jump thru
doesnt bother me too much to play it in 1600x1200
is steam down?
i restarted steam and it was good
aight the intro cinematic for DoW 3 is fucking insane
my frieds I wish to ror
@timlives
cmere
@mannie.exe oi
you too CHUCK
Mitchell is dead but I'll 🅱️lay
does Jurd have?
Jurd does not have good enough compuder
ah
:fug:
soooooo
@Deleted User @Koala
playing vermintide 2
buh
buh
@Deleted User come play you bic
I'll kick ur coochie
@Demi Tarot have you ever done a commission of a portrait?
like doing a portrait of someone? I can do it. Dunno if I'd done it for pay before
Yeah, was thinking of getting something for Eastyn
like if I send you a photo of us could you do it in your style?
@mannie.exe F
@mannie.exe tell me not to get death stranding
Okay.
Get Death Stranding otherwise I will and give Family Sharing to you.
Because I almost bought it today.
Is it on sale?
no
then don't do it
you can't run it
It's a trap.
Don't play it.
YES.
Okay markof
I know you actually have a good pc now but no
I'M TRYING TO TALK TO ME THROUGH YOU MICHAEL.
Michael, make the game don't play it.
Make the wave don't ride it.
but the monster energy drink
but the fetus
it's too funky
It's not the Monster Fetus on the outside, it's the Funky Monster Fetus in the internal Norman Reedus that Guillermo Del Toro's black oil out of your soul.
That sentence feels like it was as hard to type as it was to read
yeah that one took a while
Bet
Just gotta have a _strong_ vision
now in like a month markov is going to start talking about fetuses out of nowhere
true
He's right
Yep
I'm so glad Markov is a thing.
Yesss, I remember Hellraid. Is there a release date yet?
lmao no
we get this
Ohhh, hm.
That's an interesting solution.
tbf the game basically turned into Dying Light/the dev team was moved over and Hellraid as a full game was cancelled
IIRC the issues were technical in nature
It doesn't seem like a bad move. It was the same studio and same engine in the first place. Maybe this is easier in some way.
it's probably more like "hey remember this game that we were working on and was cool and have all these leftover assets froms?
@timlives look at THIS
o.o
My immediate reaction was THE FUCK
the fuck indeed
my pp got yuuge
@timlives yer up errlay
*ancient Japanese fairy tales*
:thinkplant:
bois
chuck
Death Korps of Krieg o.o
i just watched their lore and oh fuck oh shit
yeeeep
they crazy
Yea I like guardsmen more than space marines
@timlives join me
roight roight roight
lol so I guess we didn't win
i had to go get groceries
stefan was talking to his gf
oh lol
stephan* however its spelled
so we all just disintegrated?
i guess
You got it right the second time.
damn
im down to get back on that or vermintide
tfw no new Acrid skin when I came back
bet same
@timlives is afk
Pinned a message.
lol
Pin pls
Or gimme perms pls
Pinned a message.
Thank you Jared
Sometimes you need to be honest to cut through the bullshit. Kojima knows.
Mannie have you played a Kojima game
Some Resident Evil that I didn't finish, Phantom Pain, and Revengeance.
Kojimmer didn't Resident Evil, just President Evil
i don't even
@the bbbbbbbBOYS ayooo
We are the squad now.
Nani
the c stands for Cool Guys
You wish.
just kidding the c stands for *cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunt*
That's what I thought bitch
Stephan how does it feel to be yellow for the first time as a white guy?
Um
I want fried rice
Thoughts on this?
whoa ok
@the bbbbbbbBOYS wanna play a video game
***?***
@JadedThrasher hey do you still play Minecraft?
Am getting groceries atm
groce
Aite see ya' when yaaaaa'
@timlives
space hulmk
mikl san
ya
that image is very threating
@Deleted User I bought Spacewing Hulk death on GOG
wtf
that animal seems very respectable though commanding
Oh SHIT
In case it wasn't obvious, ping @the bbbbbbbBOYS if youvwanna play RoR2 or Vermintide.
yarp
I'm playing halo III rn
What are you, feeling nostalgic wishing for a better time while simultaneously passing it using an old, favorite passtime?
Takes me back to Andrew's house in 6th grade
Weelads
That's precious
@Deleted User ay chuckles we got the Spacewing
halo times
:FeelsWowMan:
aww he's here
@a ghost with purpose playing halo CE instead of working on our school projects :pep:EZ:
:Jammies:
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
why is that so funny
i would have played with you dudes, but i was at work
Sunday tho, we should get a 4 man on deathwing
Country Michael
Take me Bichael
To the Richael
E
l                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             g
E
I
O
.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      fug you
:3
o
@Deleted User
­
.
lmao @Koala
god. hazbin hotel is so fucking good
*junbi is not ok
@the bbbbbbbBOYS ! **AsSeMbLe!**
Commence!
Congregate!
yarp?
Commune!
damn literally another one went AFK
talk about bad timing
i'm doing the food thing before I do the map game thing
map game?
EU4 with my college frends
it's a game where you map the map to your map
:ThinkingSpin:
wElL aLrIgHt
@timlives alright brother
it's time to vybe brother
i can't feel my lumbar
you might be wondering "what part of your lumbar? which lumbar?"
yes
oh yeah, I might definitely be infected
I've not been able to taste or smell anything since Thursday
it's fucking surreal
no fever or really breathing problems, so I thought it was fucked up sinuses till then
TEST?
gotta do it tomorrow
Owwwww
NOTICE WHEN?
oh my god I can almost taste again
Is lack of taste or smell a symptom of covid?
yes
Well damn
we ded?
brez pls @the bbbbbbbBOYS
michael's in his own game and Steph is doing EU4 with colleg
Charles_Hughes
@timlives
actually brb
baked beans
@timlives psst
@Koala bye stephan
bye mannie
good night guys
yo boiiiiis
my Oculus should be in by the 9th!
Chuck, to Kim: The VR headset stays ON during sex
@Deleted User what model is it?
oculus rift s
nice
yee
I ordered it forever ago but it wasnt in stock
@Koala ror2?
work
sorry
oof 😦
wagie life
i feel
workin from home tho this week
pretty nice, but I have stuff I really need to do lol
ah i feel
Too early for this shit
wat
please tell me you made that
I'm not so based
male girls
:peepoShortOnAGoose: :YEP:
darktide will be an fps
its made by the vermintide devs
nice
Space Vermintide
yee
basically
i'm not even a hammer of war (or xboner) but I'm excited
it'll be on PC too
any darktiders
:PEEPERS:
also im 23 now
kinda weird
happy birthday fren
:macsSmile:
miss you bud
from across the country lol
miss you too man
hope utah or arizona or whatever middle us state you're in these days is poppin
:FeelsOkayMan:
in a week it'll be Texas
it's POPPIN
in covid cases lmao
usa covid haha 🙂
prolly gonna be working from home for most of my next rotation
glad im a basement dwelling goblin, pretty low chance of catching it
unless my dad brings something home from a hospital
work from home sounds comfy
it is, doing it rn
watching Dropped Frames while pretending to work
@a ghost with purpose
:OMEGALUL:
thanks
I forgot you were babby
now you are less babby
@the bbbbbbbBOYS ror2?
@Mujin I'm dead thanks Danny DeVito ily
wait
what?
@Demi Tarot is this real?
Is this true?
feels like some Yu-Gi-Oh bullshit
Do we take Markov to the malt shop and you get summoned?
Happy borthday Andrew. Glad to be the same age as you for like, a few months. ( '^')-b
@a ghost with purpose
thank
Not right now btw, @Deleted User
Definitely later.
ok
And of course bud. Miss you always. @Andrew
Wow thanks...
Didn't have to blow my cover like that...
Mannie is Andrews dad confirmed
Also dudes, Darktides release may coincide with the new 40k TV series about Inquisitor Eisenhorn
trying to design beep boops
holy shit
pretty cute beep-boop
the profile sword strike almost reminded me of a demiling because my brain is simple and smooth
well these are meant to be simplistic because mecha is hard and I don't have the patience
I've been flipping between those models and these designs
oooohh
my goal is a simplistic design, that has a modular feel to it, so I can make similar looking designs with different specialties
I like it
@the bbbbbbbBOYS come on
:jam:
I saw The Big Guy today at work
or rather he saw me
he grew his hair out so I didn't recognize him
it kinda works for him s( '^')v
ngl
Coom
Oh shit, nice. @Demi Tarot
OH SHIT, NICE. @a ghost with purpose
Lol
wat
why did I get called out by a Chinese fast food reentrant
Why yes markov, i do receive pleasure when building, particularly in minecraft
Also michael i almost pinged you asking if that was named after you xD
wow
alright buddie
I just wonder what kinda google translate bullshit happen to get that
inb4 they were going for some Chinese mumbo along the lines of "Stoic Angel"
"Michael Alone"
Lmfao
but its is a McDonald rip off
that improperly color-coded picture of Sonic on that backpack had nothing to do with Obama either
clearly you have never seen obama
neither have you nerd
yeah I have he was on a backpack
china said so
are you a spy mister?
I miss Obama 😦
also I google translated the chinese bit and it says mcdonalds
obama out 😩
you know
mcdonalds
michaelone
He may have been a war criminal but gah damn did he do it with style
at least he committed to war crimes to someone other than his own country
for a group of people so afraid of being commies they got no problems pulling a Stalin
Yeet
FUCK THE POOR
I gave up on ever trying to have any kind of discussion on current events with my parents when they thought Antifa was an honest to god organization
oh no
oof
My parents are dead so I can't yell at them about how Antifa and BLM aren't terrorist groups
you're right
i should have killed mine a long time ago
0.o
dw I'm not there yet
pretty sure Andrew's closer rip
lol
@mannie.exe 😦
what a fucking peon
same
@mannie.exe
wat
that's threatening
well alright bro
Markovs making history at midnight
@the bbbbbbbBOYS hoooo
yeaaaaaaaaaaah
can I get a fuckin uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh BONELESS?
Is that Female Elf Jared?
:thinkplant:
COCK AND BALL TORTURE
CBT
@Deleted User that's ~~d~~femi
owo
Good morning. Have you not slept?
No i fell asleep at like 11 or 12
Oh okay that's good
dude Fiddlesticks song is so good
Oh shit diddledicks is getting a rework?
He already did
and hes terrifying
**hell yeah**
his lore is on jah the creepiest in league
lemme give this song a listen doe
thats all his voice lines
the song is spook
oh it do be
But horror is my aesthetic
like i love all horror stuff
it's pretty lit
I'll find my spooky songs
his voice lines are even better
"They haven't come back from the fields yet... its been three daysssss"
oh I get it, they're ded
He mimics voices of what he hears because he can't actually speak
Ahohohoh
It just sucks that riot can make all this amazing artwork, lore, music, voice acting etc, but throw it all into an absolutely mediocre game.
😂
Man, League of Legends when first released was a mild technological marvel. Things fall apart over time. 😬
idk how it could even be imoroved, but people still "enjoy" it I think. I mean, you play.
Like, Fiddlesticks is just an "OK" champion. He's not strong, or weak, just like mediocre. But his lore makes him seem like an absolute badass and the epitome of fear incarnate. Like there's a petition to have him added to DBD as a Killer because he's so cool.
Indeed.
Also, me playing doesn't make me like it xD I don't think crack addicts like doing crack lmfao
ok fair
Thats literally all it is for me at this point. I got addicted to it somehow, and its hard to quit.
gotta big brain this shit
I guess its because I love the lore and such, and even like fanfiction that comes out for it. Idk why but Runeterra is such an interesting place to me.
Oh no, it totally is.
I'd say Riot is on par with like Blizzard and the guys that make Witcher in terms of creating worlds that suck you in.
Like, I've pushed myself through games for the setting. That's completely valid.
CDProjekt Red i think right?
That funny thing is, its not even hard to do Fiddlesticks voice lines. They're basically just whispered inhales like what Dani Filth from COF does.
They, like Blizzard with both WoW and Overwatch and all of CDP Red, know how to storytell, I guess. Like, I think why *some* people like LoL because, like you said, the lore gives the characters more life for your personality to connect with and affect how you play and feel the game, but, also like you said, some champions are just meehhh in how their lore feels against gameplay.
I mean, things don't have to be difficult or unique to be good and enjoyable.
Yep true. Like Garen, Lux, Cait etc are all basic champs with fairly basic lore, and that fits well into the game.
But then you have champs like A Sol, Cho, Fidd who don't really fit lore vs gameplay wise
Most champions have basic lore that fits their gameplay, but there are a select few that don't and sadly those are the ones that tend to have the most interesting lore.
God dammit Markov now im gonna have to vibe to redbone
CDPR does great work with great source material
D&D Redbone Remix incoming???
Oh that's true, both Cyberpunk and the Witcher existed prior to CDPR working on them.
They're video game adaptations of other mediums. Totally forgot. Almost makes it cooler imo...
You can work on this DYUCK
bro
vro
om.
wanna play a couple games of RoR2?
i gotta work 😦
I HAVE BEEN SUMMONED
lmao, yeah no worry stephan, I figured
it's what I should be doing too, but _aaafter_ a couple games...
one minute charles
ok dad
@timlives b.ro
@the bbbbbbbBOYS hello?
rip
am play HLL
so WH40k inquis martyr is literally WH Diablo
Yup
@the bbbbbbbBOYS anybody wanna waste some _time_?
Except Stephan.
He's a working girl.
give me five minutes please
something came up so I just need to reset a thing
alright man
take your time
doot
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
space hulk deathwing? @the bbbbbbbBOYS
lol
@Deleted User
LMAO
o.o
*GOD*
HE DON'T MISS
I GUESS HE DOESNT MISS HUH
:pogCory:
markov has grown too powerful
I need to screencap that golden moment
Pinned a message.
Oh wait
i didnt realize that was markov xD
i thought mannie said that xD
this is how strong he is
he's reacting to memes on a human level
He's become sentient
I think markov officially passes the Turing test
This is it, now all that's left is to wait for him to grow powerful enough to destroy us
This man buying garlic bread
damn he is powerful
Horus is an absolute rat bastard guys
This man just described the plot of fucking Death Stranding
@Demi Tarot
wtf
oh no
markov is just slowly replacing me
Space Hulk Deathwing instead of ROR2 today guys?
I'd like to do a recorded playthrough of it for my YT channel as preparation for when Darktide comes out.
Also deadass, if we get a 4 man for Darktide, id like to record that with you guys
If everyone is cool with it
Deadass
Yee
I'm down. Don't make me look bad. I'm already pretty bad.
but before that
RoR2?
@Deleted User
i got a meeting in a minute
no idea how long it will take
I think it takes after Jared the most
I'm fucking dead
gotten your sense of smell back yet?
yeah I got better by like last Tuesday
went back to work on Saturday, and fuck me they wasted no time putting my ass to work 4 days this week >:c
that's good, did you test positive or no?
I couldn't find the damn testing site. it said it was open but it was gone
but I'd been showing symptoms for 2 weeks so I figured we were good
👀
Markov is a god
wtf
THICC BOIS
what
are you done yet
yea gimme a sec
internet keeps going out
So imma say it, the Ultramarines movie wasn't half bad
It wasn't god tier, but it wasn't awful either
@timlives
**HELLOOOO GO—**
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
RIP this albion plot
God i love that show
please tell me that's not a JoJo x Redbone
what the hell
:pointlaugh:
bro
what the hell
i can't even bro
@a ghost with purpose how is life
do you still think about us sometimes?
have you been feeling alright?
its going
yes
hell yeah
I love seeing the growth of my friends as anime girl pfps
my feelings are kind of awash in a void of nothing while i consume my time with distractions
so
about the same
hey yeah that sounds terrible and normal
helltaker high tier
would recommend
damn, you've watched anime?
we taught a robot how to be human and it scares us
its a game
damn, you've?
also, yes CEO of Hell is best girl, someone with some damn taste here
:mmyeah:
I'm a Justice guy
what the fuck
wuuuuuuuuuh
yeah definitely pegged you as a justice guy
that's my formatted computer part list
amazing, frankly
I've been thinking about writing a hobby Discord client
do you still productively stumble into projects you never proceed with ahueeaahhaa?
o
no
i am but a humble gamer
i got a new mic
uwu
They say flat is justice, but Justicr sure as hell ain't flat
yeah idk who Justice is but she totally seems like Stephan's type
FLAT IS JUSTICE
OUR LOLI OVERLORDS WILL SOMEDAY COME FOR US
congrats charlie-o
bro he's coming
markkov approachese
z
:monkas:
WHAT
it's time to vybe, brother.
its true tho
rioters should just vybe out
brother
honestly its a toss up for me between lucy and judgement
i too wonder whether to exact justice or chaos
that's a well-made animation
So is Markov something we made?
or is it a bot that you can download and add to other servers
no, and yes
we fed the garbage
but the garbage collector came pre-produced
have you guys seen this
Yeah
I'm mad
Ah ok Kim wanted one for her discord xD that one while just spat league of legends shitposts
I wanted to do it
will*
I've seen a bit of it
This thing's great, you can even have sex with it
at least thats what my friend told me
Fuuck
Even I am not that good of a DM.
Only Abed is.
can you send me a link for the bot?
@Deleted User thing is
It doesn't scan old messages
It'll take time to build it
Ah yea i get that
DM'd
Have you heard my soul lad Gus Dapperton? @a ghost with purpose
nay
Same
Thanks mannie :p
ofc bud
ok mannie to complete this music exchange can i link a song that i absolutely thought was gonna be awful but i ended up really liking
@mannie.exe
:worrypeek:
:aworryPeek:
YE
wow that gus dapperton song is a *vibe*
I needed that song, tyvm.
I wanna hear the original but I honestly just wanna cover the acoustic version. It'd be great on keys.
i disliked the original
gave the acoustic a try and love this version
Gus Dapperton is definitely a vibe. Wanna hear another?
definitely
Alright, weird and vibey or soft and loving?
soft
both artists have green hair
:thinkingpepe:
someone message me and see if i can hear the ping
because i cant hear discord noises for some reason when i join rooms
like the badoop noise it makes when someone joins or leaves
@Deleted User suh dude
oh shit
wait wtf
i can hear it in this discord
but not kims
I know I wanted to about game dev yesterday, I always wanna talk about game dev
huh
that song was lovely
think i like it a bit better than the first
oh dude I love "come out and play"
I'll check out the live
the song is already acoustic but the live version just hits different for me
this song is a BOP
btw
:jam:
:TriDance:
youve probably already heard this mannie
but its one of my favorites
That sounds a bit like Joji @a ghost with purpose
ya very similar sound
I was doing the dishes my b, I don't know most of that Jack Harlow feature but that was pretty lit.
I chuckled at Stockton, it's a city nearby and that just felt weird.
And no, haven't heard david but it's pretty sweet. Has that mid-2010 lo-fi with new coherence vibe.
this songs pretty good
Damn I've been loving some Curry recently.
YES
Curry is on jah a god
Oh yeaaah! I have Clout Cobain saved. I was wondering why that looked familiar.
moved out of the apartment in Wichita
ye
You're driving down to TX right? Getting there tomorrow?
yeah, waking up at the ass crack of dawn to drive to Arlington
Are you driving with your stuff?
hoping to god that the movers will be able to come at the right time
yeah my folks are out here with me, rented a uHaul and everything
Oh bet, that's wonderful.
@Deleted User yoo wtf, I had Babylon playing in the background tuned out— and then Curry just fucking broke down the wall hello
Yee
Man, we've done nothing today lol
I loaded a truck
I mean gamer-wise
damn
markov
@timlives jam with me @timlives
oh god Michael is going to be the first
@timlives bro
there's more?
of course
he is but one of mannie
but still as special as the first
Everybody stop what you're doing
mobile games these days are wild
most advanced gacha roll ive ever seen
wtf
looks pretty
yeah so you gacha items and feed them to your black spirit then at level 100 you turn on the vacuum
and he just spends all your money til its gone and eats it all
before then u have to feed him 10 at a time manuall
y
looked thru old pics and found this
How is doggo
She's like three or four now right?
Oh god, Andrew is next
@a ghost with purpose prepare for Markov Andru
she turned three in jan yeah
she's chillin
chasin tennis balls and shit
sleeping
u know how it goes
What a highly evolved species.
@timlives ding
For a sec I thought Andrew was talking about a child xD
He is.
A dog child
don't think he did, Mark
Whats that Lassie? Michael fell into an Isekai and now he's trapped?
god i hope its one of the cool harem ones
who am i kidding
thats all of them
:FeelsOkayMan:
markie has accepted Charles
The only isekai I would be sent too would be either Re:Zero or the vending machine one
Nice
Michael gets Isekaid into Interspecies Reviewer
@timlives BOI
@the bbbbbbbBOYS GATHER THE BOIS. I HAVE MILKSHAKES
so I know some of you guys are MMO type nerds
do the higher tiers of equips from like raid/boss drops do much besides raw number increases? or do different sets usually confer unique bonuses
Don't tell me what to do
Usually unique bonuses.
Depends on the MMO but usually both
Depends on rarity, but there are usually set bonuses.
I only specifically know Archeage
And MMO, as Charles said.
I think I've only done high-tier content in WoW.
And Diablo.
But over a year later i can still tell you what every set piece from Howling Abyss does lmao
It's how it do.
What're we doing boy
I'm simping and about to get weed
40K DW
in a bit tho
Stephan's kill
oh shit
u right
@Meko tag in!
Yep, maybe next week. He should be done moving by then
lmao I don't even think that Mike exists in this realm when Andrew isn't summoned.
The Mike you're looking for is @Mujin
fuck
TOO MANY MIKES
And he's also kill
HES MIKE HES MIKE IM MIKE
we have Michael, Mike Prime, and Nu Mike
Indeed.
timlives: Michael
Meko: Mike Prime
Mujin: Nu Mike
There was a phase where we went with Michael, Mike I and Mike A, but that's old news.
and if you want to be a fancy symbol using asshole
Michael
Mike**`**
and
𝜈 Mike
How about that. Symbology wumbology.
owo
I will poke your eyes if you look at me like that again
-wo
👈
-w-
Fixed.
S A D N I B B A H O U R S
boi we fakin
aite who shit myself
@timlives
Shawarmageddon
oh n-
@timlives is this a jojo reference
Good news: am more moved in, PC more or less set up in home office room

Bad: no internet yet, tech has to come tomorrow
oof
Luckily my parents are still here and will be around for the tech to come while I'm working tomorrow
bruh go to sleep xD
@mannie.exe
That is so fucking wholesome
I hope he accomplishes his goal
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
omg my discord froze and it kept playing over and over xD
@mannie.exe  MAN E ROR@
ROR2
@timlives PP
@the bbbbbbbBOYS uu
MechWarrior 3050
@mannie.exe m!trigger
:legXD:
:legXD:
@Demi Tarot
saw that, woolie is gr8
I know! It'd be fantastic.
RoR2? @Deleted User
fuck a man rad?
damn
cant hear u
see ur thing lighting up tho
uh
oh
I went AFK and started cleaning lmao
oh lol
and by "lmao" I mean "oof"
yeh
today is a big, clean-up day so I may be less available
ok thats fine man
THIS IS NOT ANIME ITS ANIWE
aaaaaaaaaaa
ROR2?
Ah, you've discovered Thunderstore.
yee
man
I'm not even done
but I got a toblerone
Uh
who the fucc taught markov about intimacy
it was me
not my first robot lover, and certainly not my last
:monkaSHAKE:
:WhatChamp:
the future is now old man
a. The future is now, old man.
b. The future is now old, man.
c. The future is now: old man.
I ship it.
michael wtf @timlives
he's self-aware
:Sadge:
:BongoCat:
I'll be on in a sec @the bbbbbbbBOYS
:xqcK:
:WhatChamp:
> not my first robot lover, and certainly not my last
:WhatChamp:
:9463_Shit_We_Dont_Do_Book_Pepe:
:PauseChamp:
:simp:
:WhatChamp:
Markov likes to vore a lot
Wait is that that Lebanon explosion
oh shit
yeah mannie
@Deleted User come on
@Deleted User coom your ass over here
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
:peepoPogClimbingTreeHard4HouseTo:
:xqcK:
@timlives
bitch
:goteem:
@timlives
@timlives
bitch
:YEP:
@the bbbbbbbBOYS just play one with out me I'll be back in a bit
oh its fine i just watched to let u know
@a ghost with purpose rip
@a ghost with purpose dip
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
epic
adventure calls lads theres nubile femboys to hunt
"hunt"
:PEEPERS:
:Sadge:
bro
Is this heresy?
:xqcK:
might be but by god
man, my beans
@timlives ahee
okaaay
gaming is ruined
LOL
Wait...
If we can no longer conduct business with Tencent, that means we lose Blizzard and Riot right?
Also
doug dimma dimma dum dome
Hyo @timlives
nvm
I can feel the rhythm.
:catJAM:
/r/animemes is still burning
benis
owo
mike @timlives
join me
@timlives who the FUCK made that?
i can't speak
right now
I guess I'll set it upppp
I had to return some stuff back to ML
MusicLandria*
Yo guys
Idk if I told you but Hazbin Hotel got picked up by A24
So its now gonna be a TV series
theyre the same dudes who did Midsommar.
@Deleted User
I'm at work
But i get off early
@timlives BROTHER
I was bathroom
Oh damn Hazbin got picked up
A24 is a neat indie publisher, it'll be interesting to see how it turns out
coom
@a ghost with purpose Darren is messaging me about your steam name
what is the steam neam
andrew's is purposefull
name as Darren thought
what does that mean
idk
should i be afraid
you got a friend request from him or someth
?
idk
he just messaged me
o he messaged me
nice
🙂
Russian cyber cafes were wild
frens
@Koala u woke?
Wha
wan play tabletop?
FRENDS
Hello
this slaps
JUSTICIA PARA TRAPS
:hyperBongo:
I feel like there should be some way to create an AI that can DM rpg's
isn't that sort of what AI Dungeon is
is it?
I've never heard of it
go check it out
dude
dungeon ai is cool as shit
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
AAAAAAAAAAAAA
the new boss in ror2 is hard AF
Patch noats
yea im playing it rn trying to get Captain
u ever look thru saved images
muh kirito sword
@the bbbbbbbBOYS let's fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
@Koala do you exist?
i did
aaaaaaa
@the bbbbbbbBOYS yall still alive?
no
oof
guys
the proc coefficient for the captain is dummy busted
r/animememes admins be like
@Koala
u were right
im into it
You just had to admit it to yourself
Uh oh
🐛
I get it
well boys
it looks like animemes might finally die
it's down 40k subs and only decreasing
traps win again
:ROWOW:
It's funny but also sad because I've been subbed for a long time
but hey if another good sub rises then that's good
internet moderators are funny people
they're the internet equivalent to an HOA
a Hard on Attack?
homeowners association
but they do have a hard on for petty bullshit
such as the word trap
animemes mods yea
but its likely just one or a few people
mad with power
it was a tongue in cheek reference to cross dressing or androgynous anime dudes
but then people started using it wrong for trans peeps
and now it's a dumpster fire
it's dumb but I get it
censorship is trash
yeah but in the context + intent and weebs it's the dumbest thing to censor it
also true
I don't think anyone's ever used trap maliciously as a slur
but people have seen the term and used it out of context as if it was a slur and it's dumb as hell
honestly most of the outrage of the community isn't at the ban of the word anymore, it's at the mods who are actively slandering the community and power tripping over it
reddit mods ruining a good sub whats new
:ResidentPatrick:
markovs been really amercanized huh
yup
Are we winning? @the bbbbbbbBOYS
@mannie.exe no i suck dick
NICE
i'll let you kno if I win
ok I didn't
@timlives come on
are you winning at sucking dick?
no
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
nah for me its just progressively getting louder
Well not for me
@the bbbbbbbBOYS wanna go-go?
in a sec
after this tft ill hop on
ok
don't you dare @timlives
shit now the burritos are touching
hot
wait i was gonna send it back faster 😦
gaaaaaaaawd
poggers
@timlives
what
Weird Al voices a pony named Cheese Sandwich from MLP
And i hate that i now know that
@timlives 🎸
:guitarpepe:
that boy child is into it
mood
1000%
Fuck whoever thinks "transcendent autist" isn't a compliment btw
:OMEGALUL:
general reposti jared
:PunOko:
you think I exist in linear time?
:catjam:
:peepoRun:
I'm going for a bit I'll be back later
one of the finest shitposts ive seen
That's not a shitpost, just an archive clearly.
History
🤢🤮
oculus
:stinks:
yeah
@Koala RORRORORORO2?
@timlives YO WE CANT START MITRIX UNTIL YOU GET BACK
oops sorry I forgot
lol
@timlives
same
:yeah:
@a ghost with purpose
that's 5 years old right?
Older
This was Mexico
France was five years ago
mexico :Pog:
u know
ironically
im wearing those blue shorts right now
also i dont think ive been that tan since then
:KEKW:
Lmao
shiiiiet thats me
:TriKool:
that's a better representation of myself than most others I've seen so far
it's even missing an arm
@timlives could you tell me if you can hear me?
guesss nooooot
wait can I be heard, or can you not hear me?
cuz I can't hear you yet
I can't hear you
yeah
I can
yes
:yeah:
yeah
:yeah:
:yeah:
i was wrong about medikit
they added a 5% max health heal in addition to the 20 base hp heal 1.1 seconds after taking damage
so they buffed the time from 2.0 to 1.1 and added a better heal
"Heal for 20 + 5% of maximum health (+5% of maximum health per stack) 1.1 seconds after getting hurt."
@the bbbbbbbBOYS *Spa1aq1OtNXcyyoJpE68_A#
@timlives
:yeah:
Everyone in the theater when Infinity War came out and Ganos snapped his fingers
>Ganos
yee
guys apparently system shock 2 has 4 player co op
can't wait for System Shock 4, with 2 player co-op.
Perfectly cut scream
the cut makes it
oh my god it's dead
lmfao it ded
got snapped by Ganos
I fought the traps and the traps won
:yeah:
:sayoriThinks:
finally beat Mythrix on monsoon
Markov what is the meaning of life?
!trigger
well, good enough
@mannie.exe you heard markov chop chop
why the fucc you awake so early
💀
i mean i havent even been to sleep yet, but cmon man xD
That's crazy. Michael spent so much energy yesterday that he went to bed on time.
im straight up running on caffeine nicotine and anxiety rn
Bro
mannie is right, but also same
early ror2 run?
sure
My computer isn't even on, and I only took the first bong rip of the day
Let me remedy both of those.
aight homie i gotchu
@the bbbbbbbBOYS bros
Upgraaaade
we _are_ the plot of Death Stranding, actually
I'm destined to never get the mastery skin for commando. Last night looped a run 4 times and on the last loop bought 3 shaped glasses just to speed things up and immediately crashed my game. Just got the to obelisk on another run and before I could oblitterate a car hit a generator in my area and knocked all the power out to my apartment
bro
let's go
@timlives brerb
got the mult skin
👌👌
Screenshot?
@mannie.exe
Oh shit. He looks like a custom text editor color scheme
Nice
no idea what that means lol
Like a refrigerator from the early 40s
ok that i understood lol
Damn
Nice ice box on wheels
he be Chappie
I agree Markie
@timlives I wonder what's for Michael
Dinner
How many crocs could Kid Rock rock if Kid Rock did rock crocs?
Spot on.
i haven ate dinner yet
god i wish artificial intelligence was real
shut up markov is real
I mean, most humans fake intelligence.
Sounds like AI to me.
i mean like true AI. Learning AI that isnt some deepfake Arab Emirates bullshit
I want an AI femboy robot to step on me
same dude
bois
No Mark has a point
lets play Entropia and get rich
I do talk about
We can milk monsters and sell their poo
for irl money
What
basically its a f2p mmo with gambling elements lmao
it has the most expensive virtual items in the world in it. like someone paid 3 mil USD for a planet
yea dude
broke bois like us can milk monsters for their sweat, and take their poo to sell xD
we need a red dead redemptionesque game where you play as a mandalorian bounty hunter
that needs to exist
@timlives
smart monke?
return to smart blue banena
no
MONKE
MONKE
Blibdoolpoolp, Kuo-Toa Goddess
so uh
i got so strong on my merc run
that i one shot the end game beads scavenger on monsoon at 84 minutes
Yuh
OH GOD
ITS SELF REFERENTIAL
yep
you don't wanna know what it does
@Mujin we ded
make music with michael and i
MONKE 😦
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
PP
*pp*
*elpepe*
*le pp*
*uwu*
poggies
what is this heresy
o shit u rite
@mannie.exe facebook is recommending me red lobster delivery now lmfao
Them biscuits tho
im fucking heated
the retards at Fedex told me my package wouldnt be here till tomorrow
and they try to deliver it today, but it needed a signature, and i wasnt here to sign for it so they were like, fuck you, now you gotta come pick it up
Meanwhile Spectrum be like "you can get up to* 900Mb/s"
*fuck you, pay us
fedex is so god damn stupdi
stupid
these fucking mongoloids
are so fucking stupid
ive gotten 3 different answers to where the fuck my package is
Fun
finally figured out where it is
and i wont be able to get it till 530
Well at least you'll get it today
What did you order?
🍆 ?
a new mouse
!4m3!15m2!1m1!1s%2Fg%2F11kn6hf5th
It crossed Lake Berryessa
:tfwLost:
?
There's a fire on the border of my city.
Actually, my whole state's on fire.
You're in Sacramento right?
Yeah
I have seen the sky twice this past week.
On one hand, I don't have to light up a cigarette to inhale smoke, and on the other: the sun is actually bearable.
Win win?
win win ja, win win
Pp
Rir2 when I get home?
Ror2
this lowkey slaps
twitch has really come a long way
this website never fails to surprise me
from esports roots to bdsm homo erotic content
:gachiW:
It's the people, man.
It's the people.
They're the ones with the assholes, after all.
@bois
ror2
@timlives
ugh
@the bbbbbbbBOYS come on
:cactuarIAmHere:
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
ÃÃÃÃÃĄ
the new DLC trailer for BL3 is wild xD
you go inside Krieg from BL2's mind
"OPEN BEASTIALITY" "its sesame you meathead"
bois
Gois
ror2 bois?
wrong link
@timlives hop on homie
yoooo
we finna die
poggers
Pinned a message.
:jam:
0.o
thats fire
yo anyone down to build full MS and ascend to godhood with me in ror2
@the bbbbbbbBOYS
i may or may not be listening to this while playing mercenary with 10 GH 5 RW and 2 ED
i am become the fast
bruh
hell ye
aaaaaaaaaaaaa
@mannie.exe
Hello Go—
wat
GAMERS
ASSEMBLE
Look Gordon, a rope!
:sayoriThinks:
"I'm not a liberal, incel"
That's okay she's the cuck.
lmfao
yo
i found a pic of me playing ror2
WHOA
MARKOV NOOO
im glad nyanners powered up to her vtuber form
I can't see the thing, but I know that guy
@Deleted User HELLO
wat
when did i get so many hours on roll20
:monkaW:
are you guys still actively playing any D&D?
yes
:Pog:
thats awesome, hope its going well
@timlives
wat
PP
my new favorite anime protagonist
@Koala so glad to hear very small bugs have finally become fundamental particles of our universe
@mannie.exe pp
ror2
bb
@Koala join me friend
Lol
I work, friend
@timlives
@Deleted User
nice
@mannie.exe
no i'm dead
oh
fucc
same
@timlives
this song bops @Deleted User
:POGGIES:
:PepoDance:
Absolute banger @a ghost with purpose
:yeah:
we might have our differences but british lolis will bring us together
>listening to lolis singing Gangster's Paradise instead of the man himself
this is the only context i had to whatever that is
same markov
same
:catjam:
already on my playlist
:EZPZ:
stop markov not in public
we've taught him how to be human
now he suffers the human curse
of horny
it is a heavy burden
H O R N Y  J A I L  F O R  Y O U
I had that but had to delete my meme folder to make room for tarkov on my ssd 😦
:FeelsRainMan:
._.
The part of owning a genetically modified cat girl that they don't tell you about
I dont even care
still worth it
Kim rn
I need my own fucking Nekopara
I can probably wait a bit longer before I hear about you getting pegged by cat girls, but in the grand scheme of things, I too can't wait.
nahannahanhnanhanahnah
no pegging
Markov's gettin pegged
wtf
lucky markov :Crying:
mike?
yo mike fuckin died
I got new emotes
:shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms: :shrooms:
:Magmaworm7: :Magmaworm6: :Magmaworm5: :Magmaworm4: :Magmaworm3: :Magmaworm2: :Magmaworm1:
:engineerdance:
horny jail
:Sadge:
damn homie
I dip my balls in thousand island dressing because I got 𝕯𝖊𝖕𝖗𝖊𝖘𝖘𝖎𝖔𝖓
call you Reuben
They call me Ranch because I be WANTING TO DIE
@timlives
*Peppery*
M O N K E
M O N K E  F A M I L Y
@Deleted User
this is the most cultured song(and art) ive listened to in a while
:EllyJam:
Such *culture*
:pepeGentleman: :WineTime:
:YodaGif:
:ThisIsTheWay:
:knuckles:
@timlives
I invite you to some Touhou CULTURE
:xqcK:
@a ghost with purpose
LMAO
i actually like this song a lot not sure if its cause im a degen or what
the version thats just the beat and moans not the actual song
:KEKW:
you're a fuckin degen :OMEGALUL:
:OMEGALULU:
Liberty Guns Beer Traps @Koala
:gachiSAIYAN:
the tenements of a strong nation
🐛
why
why does this exist
because some people like girls with pp
same markov
@timlives
@timlives
@timlives come on
we will go
he went out with his dad
FUCK
he went
before i start a run, anyone down for ror2? @the bbbbbbbBOYS
I'm good.
I wanna go run an errand soon.
That title scares me.
I'm not clicking that until later.
ITS SAD NIBBA HOURS
I'm no longer sad now xD
M O N K E 😦
Junbi is not okay
Welp
My internet went out
Mannie there might be a red for you
:gachiGASM:
:ussr:
Dark and Light is on sale for under $4 right now
Think Ark but fantasy instead of Dinosaurs
nvm, games abandonware
God I hate when games show so much fucking promise then get either abandoned, or patched and changed into something completely different from the original selling point.
Chuck-kun~~
solidarity for all our kings and queens out there stuck in a chinese finger trap 😔
Bless
pp
bb
xdd
yo
anyone else want edf 4.1
i wanna smash bugs as a family
@the bbbbbbbBOYS
wait until we're all around, and probably yes
aight
Markov is a coomer confirmed
minecraft coomer
the lightloops are awful holy shit
they push like zero air @timlives
PP POO POO
So apparently Dorime Ameno isn't actually latin, It's dog latin, which is basically just gibberish made to sound latin
@timlives EEP my ROM dodo
:monkaW:
:AniWhine:
So ware katedo, sumero SUMO DO WA
Forgive my excessive use of force, but you leave me no choice, my friend, SUMO ATTACK
so my account got banned for violating ToS
but the email didnt say what ToS i broke
so i have no idea what happened
did you use a gamer word?
Uh oh did you have a heated gamer moment?
nah
i was literally playing edf and in a call with mike michael and mannie
all of a sudden everything went quiet so i assumed everyone left
i quit my game after like 20 minutes and saw i was logged out
it said to check my email when i tried to log back in, and i had an email saying i violated tos and my account had been disabled permanently
Hmmm, any public servers you're part of?
It may be because of your name being publicly viewable on a public server listing. Which obviously violates ToS.
I hope you don't need me to explain why "YaoiHoleSupreme" may violate ToS.
possibly
oh well
Oh, thanks to whoever added Charles back into G-Team.
twas I
:ASgaztonrainbow:
markov
😳
markov is a bro
thankies
:kissahomie:
ah yes
research
:FeelsGladMan:
:FeelsGladMan:
:GlassCeption:
have you ever gone through forums of people complaining about how hard something is just for motivation.
its a ritual i have for awakening some competitive energy inside of me like
look at all these losers on reddit that thought this was hard ill show them
( '^')9
Kind of. I think everybody who complains about something that I personally have no trouble doing is: just different enough from me. Eventually that stops being about sitting there with my dick in my hands, picking apart differences. It's just knowledge, technique, and then a practiced mindset, sure most people who don't already practice introspection, or whatever kind of healthy anxiety that allows you to progress is, will probably not do it by themselves-- but that's just a quality that changes. I have never needed competition to drive myself.
:yeah:
:stolenbruh:
Have you made a square yet, roundie?
Kid: literally dies on the field
The cheerleaders:
same
Dimmadoggy style
:kissahomie:
:ricardoFlick:
:RicardoPLS:
:gachiBASS:
:Okge:
:Okge:
:Okge:
:Pepega:
:GlassCeption:
:Sadge:
so sorry for your loss
I already failed
I can't believe Rick Ashley is out here eradicating the simps
No
shes just trying to help 😦
Actually, I can't breath at all.
Thank you very much.
No I'll stay congested thx
Does she have a fucking anteater snoot?
It won't change my answer
Yo
the new 3070 gonna be $500 and faster than the 2080ti
Gawdamn new architecture
is it also big as fuck
The 3090 is a thick bitch
Three slots
momma mia
:monkaGasp:
new poe item is relatable
"Better to act without thought than to think without action."
"Better to have done did than don't"
"Better"
"Get Better"
"git gud"
bro
Pinned a message.
:bouttaheadout:
:cactuarIAmHere:
:bouttaheadout:
@a ghost with purpose @ChuckRadaman
ayyy
@timlives pay close attention to the music credits
@mannie.exe 1. holy shit camellia worked on the music for temmie's game
2. That song is surprisingly tame for camellia
ye
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
same
@a ghost with purpose
:EdelWink:
:WhatChamp:
:Okge:
:Sadge:
:Okge:
:madge:
lmao new blu_haze?
USA
no this is someone else
:LUL:
any not furry's in chat
:Okge:
:peepoStrong:
lol same
why did i listen to monkey noises for 2 hours while playing archeage
u are wat u eat
Andrew I had a dream where you were streaming with a couple hundo viewers again so uh take that as a sign or something I guess
Granted I also had a dream a week ago where I was an unwilling mod for a massive discord server so take my dreams as you will
:PepeThinking:
my brain at work
@timlives
Where's the stick bug map
@Koala
Ty
bois
markov wut
around 30-40% more fps
from the 2080ti to the 3080
Bonkers
Kinda' peeved ngl
@Koala those dreams could be from the same timeline
:FishPog:
Weird timeline where I get asked to be a mod for the discord server of a AK enthusiast youtuber
I also vehemently refused to be a mod lmao. People are fuckin idiots when guns are involved.
@a ghost with purpose
true
inb4 that was just the future until we retroactively gained awareness of it, spurring chains of events that alter the course of time fore-
@Koala
sometimes I miss being an active part of any community
so that's pretty real tbh, even if you just dreamt a possibility.
Maybe it's in the Ascendant Markov timeline
**_>ASCENDANT MARKOV_**
whoa
that's fair
I am active in said community but I also want no part of moderating the absolute retardation that is the general chat of that firearms server
understandable
I'm a janitor irl so I janitor everywhere I go, I can't help it
So I just go nowhere ahhhaahaa?
There's a verification process + role for actual gun owners and people able to follow basic instructions to actually get verified and access to the specific discussion channels and even that doesn't keep all of the idiocy out
yeah but that couldn't even keep the idiocy out in a perfect world though, people can be incogniscient seemingly spontaneously, and then stay that way or not.
everybody needs some garbage collection imo, to me -- in this context -- that doesn't mean being a mod because mods throw shit out generally
I like to idk recognize. Be cogniscient. Fail. Try again. 🤷‍♂️
It's a public discord for a popular youtuber so you get all kinds of folks in the chats accessible to the unverifieds and the mod team literally closed down the meme channel because idiots don't know how to follow rules designed to keep the server from breaking discord TOS
I wish, Mark.
ohhh, so unverified spam and meme TOS fuckery are two mildly separate problems orrr?
aka, is the meme channel open to unverifieds?
Not so much spam but just general idiocy and degeneracy
Yeah it's open to them
I'm using spam liberally here. It's brain spam.
Because there needed to be an outlet for the memes else they'd spill into unrelated channels
I have never seen that work imo. Either the community learns how to use memes in the chat properly or they die.
But yeah that's a problem when you have... CONFLICTING PERSONALITIES.
Personally I have the general and other social channels muted and hidden because I'm just there for gun discussion and to learn. Which, as a verified member, is pretty good and generally on topic.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Ask no questions and you will receive no lies, Markov
@timlives doot
Same
Work big ghey
Guys, we might have to get into Fall Guys
I already have it
It's fun
goofy, cartoony bullshit
it's so low stakes
good to just dink around in for a few matches with buds
sorry im busy that day
we know
Omg yes
d-d-d-daaaamn sooo-
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
@timlives do you remember Asher from Gamestop?
Darren's checking in in the old discord @mannie.exe @timlives
lol
@ChuckRadaman yeah I think so.
:xqcK:
>dark hair
You have my attention Andrew
Yo check these guys out, their videos are amazing
I found em a few months ago and theyve blown up since
@timlives @Koala ^
winner
:widePeepoHappy:
i tho
I don't subscribe to this dogma.
Then iou are lost
leave it to a white guy to tell me when I'm lost
I mean, Jesus is pretty cool please don't nuke my countries
id put this on par with Astartes in terms of how good fan made creations can be
"Bohemia Interactive is a good company. They're one of the few companies out there that actively hire retards"
Good ol Sam
@timlives
Might as well @mannie.exe too
@a ghost with purpose
:KannaPingNom:
lol
lmao I'm better than that alright 😂
lol
@the bbbbbbbBOYS anyone wanna hop on?
I'll try 😂
Thanks i hate it
Also Uzaki-chan wants to hang out is really freaking good
I know right
It's like a palate cleanser for all the shounen/seinen shit I watch
also
same
"please crush my head with ur thighs"
Looking at legs like
*I want them to choke me out*
*step on my balls pls* i mean wut
ok no cbt here
DID SOMEONE SAY CBT
I ain't gonna judge if you like Kim to flatten your benis on the daily but it ain't for me
Cock and ball torture
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Cock and ball torture (CBT), penis torture or dick torture is a sexual activity involving application of pain or constriction to the penis or testicles. This may involve directly painful activities, such as genital piercing, wax play, genital spanking, squeezing, ball-busting, genital flogging, urethral play, tickle torture, erotic electrostimulation, kneeing or kicking.[1] The recipient of such activities may receive direct physical pleasure via masochism, or emotional pleasure through erotic humiliation, or knowledge that the play is pleasing to a sadistic dominant. Many of these practices carry significant health risks.
bruh
o.o
-.-
-.-
@timlives
tf is that thumbnail
:OMEGALUL:
:peepoS:
@mannie.exe
u good homie?
It's mildly better here.
Not as orange, but there's a lot of ash.
Ayy man as long as ur safe
Warner Bros really got the sky to turn orange for the Dune trailer
yeah, so far it's fine
a new fire did erupt two days ago that was... 20 minutes away from me but I think that one has been mostly managed
and people say NG doesnt do anything
NG is great. People have everything if you meet enough of them.
The heroes we need, but don't deserve rip
@timlives thanks
benis
everyone ded lately 😦
@the bbbbbbbBOYS hee hi hooo
any mufasas
where are we
ITS FRIDAY THEN
:catJAM:
:catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM:
:catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM:
:catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM::catJAM:
:catJAM::catJAM:
@timlives sorry im too busy getting high on life today tomorrow we play vrchat
:catJAM:
na you're fine, do it dude
embrace monke
guys, Post-man tap 3 is out ( 'A')
oh
FUCK
wat is that
A meme
So supreme
a you tube poop
That it has previously made us cream
mmmm ice cream
I was singing the intro to myself just last week, this is great
Chill out semen demon
what
i'm eating ice cream
fuk u
i got promoted to new user
:widePeepoHappy:
i can upload stuff
:Fist:
@a ghost with purpose
:PogFish:
:crumpetPogfish:
@Koala
left to right
who is who
I know who Michael is
same
@a ghost with purpose
Sorry Andru but it looks like the 3D model stream market is full
:RAINBOWNODDERS:
You're only making Andrew harder by telling him he has to compete with Pokimane.
lmao
@a ghost with purpose
:KannaPingNom:
I'mma run out brb.
:madge:
:roflgatorHeadbang:
Did I say 15 minutes?
I meant an hour.
oh
okay
yeah sorry I had no intention to VR tonight, but I do want to -- I just need to get a couple major things done first
np np
Where were you when there is 0 person in the U.S. named Gay Bowser?

I was at home eating dorito when phone ring.

Gay Bowser is kill.

"No"
@ChuckRadaman
dude markov I wish I knew
same
laying in bed unable to sleep cause i did too many squats and my legs hurt
:Sadge:
You have to stretch brother
:getfucked:
He didn't stretch
Look at this beta male not doing his daily stretches
inb4 "muh pain"
congrats on   :Djdance: breakin' it down tho :Djdance:
:Sadge:
how could I be so foolish
*baka mitai~*
_[weeb noises]_
@Koala
my jam of the day
:peepoViolin:
how
CAPRICIOUS
Rev Says Desu is our god
i wish i wish
@timlives
Lord forgive me
I am about to SIMP
english vtubers RUINED the culture
honestly i cant fucking believe the nerve of some people
taking such a pure, honest, and good idea of vtubing from jp and totally fucking trashing it
what a fucking joke
whats next
normal streamers are gonna become vtubers?
no mystery there
no magic
:peepoLeave:
I love that emote
nvm
@Koala what about this girl
:ASbooettesmug:
10/10 well dressed devil gril would simp
@a ghost with purpose
:HappyFroggo:
:peepoFat:
OwO
Facts
@timlives hnng
@a ghost with purpose when clean dog, return to base
:peepoHappy:
lanfear the queen of mutes @'d me in a twitch chat stephan
this is BIG
:HappyFroggo:
*engage goose peepo*
:peepoHawOnAGoose:
oh my god they gave it guns
@a ghost with purpose have you thought about any maps?
You wanna listen to an album?
I wanna subject Michael to sonic violence.
isk which one yet
give me **CUM** or give me **DEATH**
:roflgatorHeadbang:
@timlives I wish I knew you when I was young by The Revivalists
2 Feathers by SIAMES
@timlives
god damn i found some *content* avatar world hopping tonight
it did take approximately 2 hrs
:monkaWW:
Yep
That's fire(s)
Love how 2 hurricanes show up just in time to make everything worse
wtf
@mannie.exe ITS FRIDAY THEN
and SATURDAY SUNDAY YUH
@the bbbbbbbBOYS lets fuckin GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:xqcK:
do im watching eromanga sensei and this is all i can think of
New gun bois
sick
do it shoot
It do
I haven't shot it yet tho
The 18 y.o. kid I bought it from has shot it tho
What is it?
Kingdom of Yugoslavia M24 mauser @ChuckRadaman
Manufactured 1936ish
nice
Ye
Most of the Yugo mausers on the market nowadays are post-war models
Either modified M24/47s or M48s
So it's a very nice find
@the bbbbbbbBOYS bois
we must gather
Congregation sounds like a terrible idea
But I'm tempted
@timlives could you do that?
_"N-NANI?"_
COULD YOU CONGREGATE?
Bois i want Sagiri to ruin my fuckin life owo
Australian Outback Red Dead Redemption with a lizard protagonist confirmed?
I grew up here
:FeelsGladMan:
:WhatChamp:
:Okge:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
:PauseChamp:
pls
:poggers:
:WOGGERS:
:sickbug:
:bouttaheadout:
:ASJellyPediaGun:
:FBI:
:peepoHawOnAGoose:
:legXD:
:eggplantRun:
:BIGGAYROLL:
:mlg_doge:
:Doge:
:VibeHand1: :VibeHand2:
:kekdog:
:PantsGrab:
:italian:
:ShibiGrabs:
:fiteme:
:don:
:PogFishKnife:
:gachiSAIYAN:
:PepeSpain:
:guyver:
:ElmoEvil:
:Danceboye:
:ASASDance:
:ASKyokoDance:
cmon...
😤
@nMarkov talk shit bih u wont
YEAAAAAAAAAAAA
@ChuckRadaman
❤️
@a ghost with purpose
:HappyFroggo:
:PepeKing:
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Idk why i found that funny, but I did
You put one up your ass didn't you
No o.o
@timlives hey man hows it going
oh whats that you got femboy thighs over there?
O.o
I love pogfish
@timlives
shid microsift finna make some moves
Skyrim on the Xbox Series X
:MonkaS:
droppin a fat  7.5 billy stack just so they release skyrim for the 8th time
lit
imagine bethesda ips becoming xbox exclusives
:monkaGIGA:
With gamepass at least they're on PC too now lol
:fiteme:
Exclusive bad
whatever i dont play agmes anyways
i have the only game i need
*vrchat*
Guys
Microsoft bought bethesda
Wait
I missed the earlier chat
Imma doof
Get in the maid outfit
oh no
bois
YOU CAN PET THE DOG
Blair Witch
Ohno
@mannie.exe
Except I smoke outdoors, so it's even better
DOUBLE THICC
lol
AAAA EEE AAAA
~_dancin' in Septmeeeembrrr_~
You're right Markov.
We all need to get closer together this season to solve our problems.
Right @timlives
what
Due to the poor design of the container that contains a type of air dried pork, known as salami, the lid of the container (which is crucial for keeping the salami safe and edible) will not rest in the established dimensions of the container, and would prevent the container from doing its job.  If these conditions persist, I fear the salami may be compromised.  To alert you to the urgency of this situation, I will repeat this message until a suitable solution is worked out and executed.
hes too good...
finally a podcast worth watching
Well that's definitely gonna get me in trouble at work if I listen in spotify
:monkaShh:
this was streamed on twitch so im sure its safeish
Let me put it this way: "Lewdcast" is not something I want others to see on my screen anywhere at work lmao
:pepeLaugh:
@timlives you were right bout that anime kinda
it does kinda blueball you, knowing there wont be a second season
tfw no brother
i got da razer kraken kitty rgb headset o.o
OwO
i got cat ears that glow homie
@timlives
o.o
@mannie.exe
thats how they got me
Ok Subaru is just cringey at this point
What they do
no spoilerinos
ain't watched today's episode yet
Oh the anime
I was thinking about the cars lol
you drive a Subaru? pretty cringe bro
Well I'm not a lesbian and I don't live in the Pacific NW so no
I drive a Toyota
Oh i havent seen the newest stuff yet, im still in season one
oh, then I know exactly what you're talking about
yea. hes probs the worst protagonist ive ever seen, and ive watched School Days xD
o.o
I summon the bois @timlives @mannie.exe
sorry I'm playing d&d
oh ok nvm have fun 😄
frens
romens
Damn dirty romans
o.o
wend me youw eaws uwu
pls ban stevn
wat
michael you still dungeoning
FWENDS WOMANS CUNTWYMEN
I'll ban you too
also no were done
You idly watching the stream, mindlessly wasting yet another evening. You notice 4+ length message in the chat. Grabbing the mouse, hovering over, scrolling up. Reading the message and realizing the pasta has no meaning at all. CTRL+C CTRL+V ENTER. You are retarded.
move me back when ready
@Koala
:crumpetCrump: we're so fucked
ayyyy
cheeto man dictator
I hate it
The *eyes*
mfw someone mentions cock
R u ok
I am a creature of the virtual world now stephan
That's not an answer
:monkaSHAKE:
cmon its hilarious imagine you think someones horny but then you see the teefies
...I'd take the risk
:ASbooettesmug:
:OMEGALUL:
this boosette avatar is giga cute tho
as the kids say i fux wit it
Si
3D models on point
I want it to vore me
Also, it blows my mind that me and Andrew are literally on the same big brain wavelength, but fucking league of legends existing kept us from being friends before this
Nice lifehack. Using it right now
Stephans memes are fire today bois
@ChuckRadaman all my homies hate league of legends
ayyyyyyyy
@timlives wanna watch more rezero?
what fresh trauma is on the menu tonight
sure
i wish
I'm caught up now Michael, so next Wednesday we can watch the new episode together
xD
In Another World with my Smartphone is now in my top 10 favorite anime
"God really knows how to hook a homie up after accidentally killing him"
Touya is living my dream life :c
:OMEGALUL:
Touya literally made guns for like a 12 and 15 year old girl. What a mad lad.
YOOOOO
they finally released a digital version of Freedom Fighters on PC!!!!
MY CHILDHOOD NOSTALGIA
Brothers
I wish to assemble
Echidna is 100% down to be a side bitch
*I want to know everything*
***Including what that dick do***
PLS
I mean, i spent 90% of that episode thinking, bruh just nut in her already
that soft sigh at the end xD
Rev is dying inside lmao
Markov wanna play DoW with me then?
yea saturday is fine :c
BOIS
I SUMMON THEE
@the bbbbbbbBOYS
ahhhhh
tfw checking old dms and i find this
:FeelsStrongMan:
i actually forgot someone made art for me before
^')
owo
someone that I didn't know  :FeelsStrongMan:
sorry jared didnt mean to invalidate you but surprise stranger art just hits different :FeelsStrongMan:
back when you were #1 mercy and had 200+ viewers a strem
🅱️urposefull
Play OW2
become #1 mercy again
N :OMEGALUL:
I actually cringe everytime someone asks me "are you purposeful from ow"
"that mercy player?"
:Pepeg:
heheheheeheheheehehehe
:Pepega:
my dad just called to tell me an uncle died
alcoholism
😦
I actually don't know how to express sadness in a non-meme way anymore
fucked up
oh no
@a ghost with purpose sorry to hear. Tell your dad I send my sympathies as well
I will
oh wait, sorry that was a bad time to post a meme, didnt see that chat. Im sorry homie. Hope you're doing ok
na its cool
We weren't that close but it's always jarring and sobering when someone you know passes
anyways here this meme
:Okge:
o.o
:peepoFat:
i said that to kim btw
your first meme @a ghost with purpose
imagine that on beatsaber
lmao
@ChuckRadaman
nope
dont like that stephan
:FeelsRainMan:
same
@a ghost with purpose @Koala
:NODDERS:
:Gondola1:
:Gondola2:
:Gondola3:
markov right tho
HEE
ha HA ha HA ha HA ha
@timlives help I can't speak much lo
YungNuts
@george.yn
MONKE
@Koala
Deathclaw Hooters
:fug:
Gun Jesus owo
lol what
fuckin hell
@timlives BRÖTHER
it never gets old
i think when i stream vrc thats gonna be my sub sound or something
it makes me laugh too much
:OMEGALUL:
so when are you gonna start to stream
no idea
:Pepega:
but how will i come in and pepega at you
soontm
:PEPEGAPLS:
what do you still need?
shut up Markov
not really waiting on anything in particular, just whenever I feel comfortable enough + have something I wanna stream
bruh
cyberpunk country music
JUST N U T IN THE BRO ZONE
part 2 to cyberpunk country saga
Yuh
that whole album is a feature length movie
and is made by the guys that did the 3D parts of the Jojo openings
It's not quite feature length - only about 50 minutes long, but it's still really good and basically a giant acid trip
Although maybe that's feature length idk
feature is small boy times
I thought feature length was big boy times :peepoShrug:
"Must have a run time of more than 40 minutes" to win an Academy award according to Wikipedia
Well that's something new for this morning
So I think it probably does qualify
that sounds like kim eating chimken numgies
xD
It be like that
lmao
zero context shitposting ayyyyyy
tfw no moth mommy
:SadgeCry:
same
@Demi Tarot
Ye I saw that one
@timlives this is the rezero song right?
Think so
She sure is
Getting a markov generator for this server was a great idea, but I wish it was an anime girl
hell yea same
@mannie.exe I would like you to transition markov into an anime girl, thank you.
:ASbooettesmug:
We’d probably have to make a new bot from scratch
And so the word bank would be empty
There... has.. to be... a... way!
:ASevilFast:
Oh great now we get to corrupt an anime girl
I'm not sure I can handle another, more smug singularity
Oh god
:monkaW:
:monkaSHAKE:
o.o
What if we had Markov, who is now a degenerate weeb like the rest of us, AND a new anime girl markov bot?
I'm imagining frightening conversations
Andrew with the bots
Owowowowowo I think my Curio & Relic license is coming in the mail today!!
FFL?
Yup! With it I can get guns that are 50+ years old delivered straight to me
Hell yea
Blessed John Moses Browning, bless Stephan with an unsporterized M1918 BAR, Amen.
sad nibba hours
Has anyone here seen Eternal Return: Black Survival? This shit look like LoL's and pubg's bastard child.
brother
join me
for the speaking hours are upon us
This is gonna end with a bunch of references to war crimes isn't it lmao
dealing with China just seems like a colossal pain in the ass
when it comes to business
Such is life when all corporations are partly owned by the state
Which is why most corporations APAC offices were in HK and now Singapore
oopsie woopsie one of our employee's grandma had a chair that said "Made in Taiwan" so we had to ax the whole division so China wouldn't get mad
Ope someone posted on FB about the genocide against the Uighurs and now we're not allowed to do business in China
Like South Park said, you've got to lower your standards of freedom if you want to suckle on the fat teat of China
Markov confirmed for a Graphics Card
marky is a 3070
It's not even lowering the standards of freedom at this point, dumb-assery is baked into everything we do. Some people are aware of it and design a life with that in mind, and other people use the stupid to exploit and get away with shit and reeee-
China wouldn't be a problem if we didn't _already_ have low-standards of freedom over some of the regular old exploitation most states do.
Like most middle-eastern and southeast Asian countries thrive off human trafficking by suppressing sex worker rights, America respawned global war for oil -- "we" didn't "bring it back" but "we" definitely legitimized on a global stage, this time anyways, and now worker rights are under question again because pandemic and healthcare apparently both don't exist.
At least there is:
mac n' cheese.
I'm not quite sure I get your point but yes there is Mac n cheese and I enjoy it quite a bit
THERE IS NO POINT
thanks mark
you deadass?
No it not markov
I like the "rn"
He's fulla shit
michael saw theough it
fastest fingers on this side of the steam yard
yooo wtf nekopara volume 4 coming november 26
that is EPIC
also
:NODDERS:
same
we are each other, best of lugg
wanna do some SCIENCE michael
boi u spish
:ASpeeking:
So apparently Kiryu Coco and another Hololiver got suspended for 3 weeks after showing the Taiwan flag and mentioning it
I'm not even following anyone in HL I'm just getting it by proxy
suspended from what?
Hololive
oh
is hololive chinese?
i thought it was japanese?
aren't we all?
chinese that is, 🙂
markov you will be assimilated you binary bitch
Markov don't play no shit
Hololive is Japanese and apparently lots of the Jp and EN fans are, understandably, quite mad about this
Its not everyday that a Japanese company actually gives a shit about the Chinese. I guess the fanbase actually posed enough of a threat to revenue that they thought it necessary to suspend a couple of their VTubers
hololive owns this one right
:yeah:
oof
Yes I think so
then they have my full support
ban them all
whatever it takes to keep this ship afloat
:NODDERS:
@timlives lmao get pinged loser
:a_PingSock:
this is the future
you'll know you've made it when you're forced to rescind political statements and formally apologize on your social media that you love china
im looking forward to it
PRC-chan is so dominant and aggressive I must say it's kind of attractive
:AwkwardFlushed:
Ngl I'm interested now just because its Kiryu Coco involved lol
Like, it's all so fucking dumb in context lol
CN viewers: use VPN to watch Hololive and set location to Taiwan to reduce lag

VTuber: hey I wonder whose watching, oh cool its Taiwan with the most viewers!

CN: *surprised pikachu face*
*angry NPC face*
Gotta love corrupt communism under the guise of Democracy
<--- says the socialist. oof
its like this meme
but for china
lmfao
"LOVE CHINA"
"NO RIGHTS"
"ONLY LOVE"
😡
yea china is like that markov
fuckin freaks
China went out with Marx xD
Where is the guise of democracy lol
There has never been any such thing in the PRC lol
yeah at least we're still pretending 😡
play along china 😡
China shifted towards democracy for a period of about 10-20 years. But it's seemed to regress in the past couple decades.
Ole winnie the pooh hates freedom
Wrong. China is greatest nation on earth
china numba 1
:NODDERS:
nimbus-chan is my kinda cloud girl
I don't recall ever learning about that shift, only that they shifted away from a central command economy towards a mixed market economy in the 90s with the reforms
Maybe that was what i was thinking of
Communism --> semi capitalism in the market sense, and not political sense
I imagine some people thought it would make the country more democratic but it really just centralized even more wealth in the hands of the CCP
Yea valid point. Short term boost to democracy, long term gain for the CCP
And turned it all into a massive, crony capitalist system under the iron hand of the party
Fueled by cheap labor and manufacturing. Short and medium term it's been good for them but in the long term it's going to prove unsustainable as other countries in APAC catch up in development and have even cheaper labor
Also all of the wealth, at least 5ish years ago, is concentrated along the coast and the urban/rural divide is ever expanding
True. Doesn't beijing house like nearly 30% of their entire countries population?
And china is by no means a small country in land area
Beijing does NOT have 300+ million people lol
why not
You're probably thinking just the coast
yea i think so
beijing isn't even the most populated city in china
:peepoNerd:
shanghai is the largest with like 24m
i sometimes forget how many people there are in china xD
theres a few
atleast 7
they have like a billion more people than the states
like actually a billion
like if it came down to a knife fight and it went man to man we'd have to take out 5 of them for every murican that fell
:monkaWW:
Thats why we all own guns :p
They have no deep water Navy and their air force can't compete. Conventional warfare would be a wash
They learned real quick though that biological warfare works though
Only their ground based missile systems would pose a threat to both our Navy and our air force
Not like we ever really have to worry about a war because the global economy keeps everything too dependent to do that
civil war is much more likely
:FeelsGladMan:
The worst you get is proxy wars between powers
Like Armenia vs Azerbaijan right now. Russia backs Armenia and Turkey has the Azeris
countries i've never heard of
:FeelsGladMan:
:pepeJAM:
smug anime girl @timlives
i just used my taco to push in the space bar on my keyboard to it would play my crunchyroll anime.
is this the peak?
It's something alright
that is an advanced level of smug
@Koala met a girl on vrc that lives less than 20 min from me
:FeelsGladMan:
i think she wants to pog
:WidePepehappy:
Pog away my son
DO IT
She in Middletown or something?
COOM
...is she 18?
Very important questions here lol
she lives near KI
and shes 25
:poggers:
its quite epic
Go forth my son and acquire VRC gf
ok for reference stephan i dont think ive talked to a stranger irl in over a year :OMEGALUL:
I get the feeling
AND SHUT UP MARKOV WE'RE TALKING IMPORTANT SHIT HERE
markov :GunLeft:
we'll see, ill keep you updated on the pogging status
So help me Andrew I will fly back to Cinci to yeet your ass out of your house if that's what it will take
LMAO
Yeah that's right Mark stfu
don't be rude to my boy
This is important shit Jared
no excuse for rudeness
You're right, sorry Markov
if you can't treat a machine with respect, how can we trust you with ladies ( 'A')9
I've been with Eastyn like four times as long as Markov has been around
:peepoShrug:
i'm definitely in a get-my-shit-together mood before i wanna date anyone tho
:FeelsGladMan:
guess i should get to it
Some extra motivation can't hurt
that's a mood
I always get conflicted when I'm motivated by girls because i was kind of like that in high school, and I feel like I'm using them as a crutch and not learning to do things for my own sake
Nothing wrong with having a girl be a reason to improve yourself, just don't let it be the sole reason to do anything and everything.
better than not being motivated at all I guess, but as all fleeting things it would of course be better to make fundamental changes
hope you're doing too, Markov
I will say that I stumbled ass backwards into my relationship so take my advice with a grain of salt on how to get started dating, but managing to stay together for 4.5 years takes a lot of work
yeah good job with that btw
:HappyFroggo:
I am impressed and happy for you
And I will say that being with Eastyn has been the biggest confidence booster I've ever had in my life
:PepeKing:
LMAO
MARKOV
I take back my apology
actually roasted
:fiteme:
my brain feels BROKE because I genuinely feel no incentive to pursue money or romance which is why ive been basically wasting away for the better part of the year doing nothing
the bosses are DEPRESSION and ANXIETY markov pay attention
I just remembered back to when Eastyn and I ran into your dad at a Wendy's outside Louisville
I was feeling that super hard, too, but then I woke up and realized I had a crush on one of my artist friends and was like "holy shit I'm actually not happy wasting away and being a non-entity"
that's sweet and encouraging. I get that, it feels like its been ages since i cared about impressing anyone
that random rush of passion was scary but invigorating, had to kind of dial it back because she had her eyes on someone and I didn't want to interfere, but it did spur me to try and be closer friends with them
I remember that too Stephan my dad wouldnt shut up about it for weeks
Lmao really?
yep
That's kinda hilarious but I hope it wasn't in a way that he was trying to get you to start dating again
It's hilarious in a cringe parenty way. Wasn't anything bad or unexpected
Hahaha
my dad is constantly trying to get me to date and work again
Well I suppose I'd be worried if he wasn't lol
bleh, its just the way he does it and the consistency-- i havent had an actual conversation with him in a long time because im too busy dodging the endless loop of
"x place is hiring you should apply"
"hey you gonna sign up for some classes"
"i saw <literally any female at any point since we last talked>"
I imagine it's quite tiresome.
yeah idk the last like 3 years have been really stagnant for me but im still trying to find something I wanna do with myself that actually makes me wanna get out of bed in the morning you know
At the same time, I know it comes from a place of caring on his part. He's not exactly a great communicator though, and that doesn't help.
yeah it comes from a good place, just executed very very poorly
Do you feel like you've made any progress on that front?
The figuring out what to do front
^
Markov coming in hot
im hoping I can make something happen in vrc i just need to *start*
I have a pretty good feeling about it though
Feelings are a start. Writing things down makes it more real.
i make a lot of notes actually of things that i feel
so i dont forget them
heres one
"horny jail map pog"
:NODDERS:
:Okge:
So it sounds like you have something of a plan lol
But is it a *plan*?
Or is it a mess of written down feelings?
Oh I have a plan
:HappyCool:
Is it something you can put dates to?
I could but I'm hesitant to
What makes you feel hesitant about it?
What makes you feel hesitant about it?
What makes you feel hesitant about it?
my current goal is to fix my sleep schedule so I'm awake at the right time of day for the routine I want
but ive been just sleeping at noon for a month
:pepeLaugh:
What kind of schedule do you want?
i wanna sleep 4am-noon so i can adventure (and future stream) during the day then hang out in my favorite streams at night
rn my alarm is literally set for when my favorite stream goes live its the only reason i wake up
actually pathetic
:OMEGALUL:
What's your current sleep schedule like?
11am-7pm
11am-7pm
i am currently trying to reset it
:Okge:
So literally opposite of what your goal is :WhatChamp:
Lmao
i am currently trying to reset it
thats why im still awake
also that girl
:monkaHmm:
Aha
ok maybe theres something
to this girl thing
So you're trying to reset your sleep schedule today
That's good
if i can get to a point where im excited to stream everyday even if its just for 4hrs that'd be epic
im pretty sure id auto win from that point
What do you think would help you feel excited to stream?
having fun 🙂
I think that part would be pretty easy honestly
this schedule issue is actually the hardest part
What do you feel is the most fun parts of streaming?
having interesting conversations
and clout
Yeah having clout can be pretty fun lol
And I imagine there hardly a dull conversation in VRC
yeah, like I said I have a good feeling about this
also I think when i get vr + full body for vrc I'll have a ton of fun doing shit
like dancing
and degen shit
Oh yeah, I'm just trying to put that feeling into words for my own understanding and potentially your own benefit lol
I appreciate it
Always. Like I told you years ago, if theres anyone I know who can do it, its you
its helpful from the sense of working through some anxieties i really shouldn't have
:FeelsStrongMan:
thanks man
:SMILERS:
ok i missed a lot
did he decide to coom in her?
Chuck I swear to god I will toss you into lake Michigan
yeah i think im gonna pog but before a man can pog he must first invent the universe
:NODDERS:
Honestly, just meet her to get a coffee or lunch or something. If you're actually interested in her i mean
If you're still awake I'll hop on to talk some more once I'm home from work, Andrew
Question about girl: how long have you been talking to her?
we've talked briefly the past few weeks then today we figured out we lived nearby and she was giga interested in chatting more so we talked a lot
but tbh I don't really care about that as much rn. It's a cute thought but far away from my mind cause I wanna get my shit together first
something to look forward to
kinda thing
:xqcK:
That's cool
:HUGERS:
:FeelsGladMan: its a nice thing when someone wants to talk to you, learn more about you, laugh at your jokes
sugoi
:FeelsGladMan:
:GunUp:
ok dude
LMAO MARKOV
HE DON'T MISS
HE DONT
mans about to call in his killstreak
attack helicopter
IT AINT BASED
Hes just walking around the map with Juggernaut armor on man
oh there is something productive ive been doing
im tryina get in shape
:peepoStrong:
Pog
I'm back on my calorie counting
no joke i found this avatar in vrc
and i was like
damn
i want some fuckin ABs
so yeah fixing diet big time and been excercising
I gotta start going back to the gym
I had *just* renewed my gym membership in Wichita before COVID struck
oof
I think it would help my confidence a lot to be able to flex on people like, "yeah you're funnier than me, richer than me, get more puss than me, shag more moms than me, but at least i got a 6 pack"
:peepoStrong:
I was so pissed lol
that sucks
:peepoRage:
:peepoDetective:
oh i also wanna do work out streams in vrc they seem like easy content
but i need to be in some kind of shape
so i can actually move my body for more than 30 min without dying
:pepeLaugh:
It's hard to add working out into your schedule when you already spend 9 hours at the office most days
yeah ive been doing a lot of nothing and work outs have been easy way to feel 'productive'
plus you know i basically have a home gym
And when you're a lazy fuck like me once I plant my ass at my desk at home I ain't gonna leave lol
So dieting is my best choice
dieting is op
Andrew I want you to know that because of you I have been having weird dreams about VRC
am I in them
*naked* ?
Which really is easy when you're just counting calories using Myfitnesspal like - this is taking a turn
oiiii the michael is here
Yare yare daze
why not get into walking stephan? like just walking fitness trails and such
Gotta fit it into my day
only 3 types of cardio I like are cycling, swimming, dancing
deadass, one of the guys from work started walking like 1-2 miles a day, and cut soda out of his diet, and lost like 80 pounds in 6 months
everything else makes me wanna die
oh shadow boxing is pretty pog
Now that the weather in Texas is no longer like living on the surface of the *fucking Sun*, I'm going to start going to the park near my apartment
its already cold here :c
I think, so like over the last couple weeks I remeber three:
1. I got cucked by mudercrumpet
2. I meet mudercrumpet and fan girl screamed so loud and high pitched that it woke me up
3. The one I had last night were I was a bunch of us and ladle and her friends drinking and having fun.
High of 80° today in Arlington
like it went from 80 yesterday to 50 something today
It was literally over 100° every day since I moved in til labor day, then it was in the 90s til a week ago
But like I said, it's hard to fit it into my routine, because I like to eat dinner early so I can veg for the rest of the evening
routines are hard YEP
And habits are hard to break
this
mother fucker
alright
ALRIGHT
Markov I can't deal with this many friends being out of whack at once okay
Take a ticket and get in queue
what do you MEAN
HES JUST KILLING ME
IM ALREADY DEAD
We have a depressed roaster bot now
I bought a fit bit tho a while back
Now I get to worry myself about my heart rate all the time
that sounds stressful but also motivating
These markov takes are genuinely making me laugh, which is kinda rare
I find a lot of things funny, mind, I just don’t emote
Nothing has topped the quote I pinned though
I fear the day that quote ever gets toppled
Oh trust me I'm already paranoid about my health when I'm only 23
On the subject of growth I think I figured out one of the obstacles I’ve had when it comes to making RPGs
I usually go in centered on a mechanic and try to slap together character concepts to fit it, but they feel like concepts so I feel no investment
Do you think there's something different you can do?
@Demi Tarot?
Think of a story and get invested then add mechanics
mandrew
come play
I did like working with Andrew on his thing because I had investment in the characters an plot
Jarad have you though about making a seinfield-esq rpg. Where its just a bunch of almost meaningless quest with no point, but at the end of the game all of your action come back to haunt you.
And then there a dumb jazz riff at the end of every quest
Sounds almost LiSA-esque
volume warning
:BIGFROG:
THE SALAMI LID
@ChuckRadaman why'd u go
Had to get kim
@mannie.exe
I'll be back in like 30ish minutes
@Koala
watch political debates with memes live in twitch chat
its epic
Biden told Trump to shut up and it's all I ever asked for
xqc's chat is just treating it like another among us game
Orange sabotaged healthcare :WeirdChamp:
god i love american politics
this is amazin
this is the most entertaining thing I've ever seen
i had a stroke about 20 seconds in, couldnt handle it
:PainsChamp:
its actually so hard to listen to
leaders of the free world
:FeelsGladMan:
They cut Trump's mic
:OMEGALUL:
BASED
tfw the president gets muted :OMEGALUL:
500,000 charging stations
:sillychamp:
oh biden
Pinned a message.
man, america is so fucked
im kinda hoping i do get to move to canada
Gotta love how Trump gets asked to denounce white supremacists and instead gives them a call to arms
"Say they're bad" "Yo homies its time ya'll square up"
The phrasing he used, is literally what we used in the military when we were awaiting deployment orders, or orders to mobilize.
He knows exactly what he said
Oh yeah it's exactly what it means
Yup
America is hitting its boiling point
Also love that he basically told his supporters to go commit voter intimidation
Even if Biden wins, there will be rioting
We've learned 3 things. Trump is actively prepping America to become a dictatorship on par with Russia. He will use white supremacists and neo nazis as his own personal army. And there will be a white supremacist uprising in the case that he loses to Biden. Fuck me man.
Damn this ammo shortage
this is america
:YEPW:
I literally told one of my friends from the UK if he wanted to know the state of America, he should just watch This Is America
@timlives
@ChuckRadaman yo you wanna watch re:zero
oh yeah you guys are all caught up now right?
I haven't seen todays
me either
great we can watch it together
side note, I like how we've been looping the same few days since like episode 2 of this season, but it's still managing to escalate and stay wild
I know right, half a season and subaru is still on the same like 3-4 days
YEE
I think Hamtaro was probably one of the first anime I've ever seen. When I was a kid and didn't know it was anime
I think it was on Cartoon Network or Nick or something
Me: I want a Pickle Rick crack pipe
Mom: We got a Pickle Rick crack pipe at home
Pickle Rick crack pipe at home:
dog came back as soon as I walked outside
I am pro dog finder
nice
nevermind the time I thought the dog snuck out and ran off because she was sleeping under a house and I thought she somehow escaped her enclosure without breaking anything despite being drugged up and massive
in my defense I called multiple times right outside of where she was but she never showed up
bitch.
@Koala you interested in  playing phasmophobia at all?
or any homies
:PEEPERS:
@a ghost with purpose is that the VR horror game?
With coop stuff?
yea
yeah @Koala
you can play in desktop too
me and michael gonna play it in vr
for super spoop factor
Sounds terrifying and I would have to set my VR up again
So maybe
you dont have to set up vr
Yes I do
but were gonna play in like 30-40 minutes
u need a copy of the game?
I'm getting Whataburger atm
Yes I would
aight whats ur steam name again?
MajorKola
oo you have vr too stephan?
pog
its extra good in vr
Yeah I got a Vive like almost two years ago lol
epic
Hardly use it lol
Its currently chilling in the box in my closet since I moved
"Can I call you James? Or are you a Mr. Martinez kind of guy?" @timlives
I can't hear @a ghost with purpose speak 😦
Pinned a message.
@ChuckRadaman @Koala we r continue hunting
:YEPW:
lemme know when you guys are ready for me to join
i'm playing CoD atm
my friend has DnD tomorrow so I play sp00k then
cant play tomorrow
gotta work
im off friday and saturday tho
@Koala JOIN BROTHER PLS
I need another bitchmade
I have 3 day weekend this week
a rare look inside my brain
:ASghost:
*IT IS TIME*
*FOR SPOOKTOBER*
true markov, true
:doot:
smash direct in 20 min
character announcement right?
:doot:
markov...
Markov is ready to play Phasmophobia
what kind of halloween is this guy having
a bangin one
Phasmophobia would probably be less scary for Chuck and I if we had Spooky Scary Skeletons on repeat
one of these songs is not like the others
Can we get a working music bot again
Because if I was listening to Ghostbusters then I could probably actually step inside the damn houses
BUSTIN BUSTIN BUSTIN BUSTIN BUSTIN
we're doing amateur difficulty maps built for 1 player as a group of 4 and stephan can't leave the van
BUSTIN MAKES ME FEEL GOOD
*dies to Banshee*
:pepeLaughing:
I am
As Chuck said
"Bitchmade"
Jfc these are 1 player maps?
yeah they are small houses
What the fuck
theres a highschool map thats 10x bigger and an asylum map thats 15x bigger
:YEPW:
Oh **fuck no**
I am ***not*** stepping into a fucking ***asylum***
the dev is making a mansion and a prison map too
:ComfyBlushTeal:
**I'M**
Markov can be our 5th
@mannie.exe can we get a music bot again
@Demi Tarot is Minecraft Steve literally the new character
yes
and has alt skins of Alex a Zombie and an Enderman
they look and move exactly like in Minecraft and it looks weird and creepy as fuck next to everyone else
I'm not super sure how his moves work since they said they'd explain more in another stream on the 3rd
but he obviously puts down blocks, and has the glider, looks like he can upgrade his sword in combat
and his final smash summons a giant piston that if it hits someone, knocks them into a fortress filled with TNT and creepers and blows up
also this
Okay now it's worth
I just love how Sakurai explained how this all happened
Please share
apparently Nintendo execs badgered him about it because it was the best selling game worldwide, so he *has* to be able to do it
to paraphrase Sakurai "Nintendo approaches me with ideas, and if I can't find a way to properly honor the spirit of the character I refuse. I was like 'do you know what kind of game minecraft is?' we'd have to rework every existing stage to make sure blocks work, and the wizardry it would take to make all this work is flat out impossible....so  I said 'Sure I'll do it' "
That's bonkers yet very much on brand
:OMEGALUL:
this tweet thread is a goldmine
Agh agh agh agh
this character looks fucking amazing and game ruining
:OMEGALUL:
:GunUp:
I WAN PLAY MORE
dude i was reading through the devs update plans and hes got some cool shit coming @ChuckRadaman
:Pog:
actually wild
yoooo
link?
KIM
FLATTEN MY BENIS ON THE MARKET
the to-do column
MAKE THE BASKETBALL B O U N C E
YES
this image frightens me
oh no
BOIS
i wan play before work :c
I'm at work tho
ghey!
Paid ghey
Also I have a 3 day weekend this week so I can play extra tomorrow
And I'll get my VR set up
hell yea
pog
i think michael might be back before you have to leave and we can play a few rounds chuck
just 3 man
kk :p
yea im watching igp play Phasma and its deff scarier in VR
yea im watching a horny succubus vtuber scream and moan in phasmo vr its way better
o.o
uh
link
for science
for science.
I'm on the science team!
is that a dude
trans
ah i thought so
YO SHE FUCKIN DEAD
:OMEGALUL:
I WAN PLAY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
IGP makes it look easy compared to us struggling to figure out what kinda ghost it is xD
I mean, we're getting better
Yea i just gotta not be a bitch xD
Move over Korone, Gawr is my new favorite o.o
:WhatChamp:
A
a
I knew this already 🙂
You see, because I've been a ghost all along.
I know what they're like.
Ghosts won't say if they eat ass smdh
lmao
*Mr. Martinez do you or do you not eat the booty like the groceries?*
Mr. Martinez wouldn't have been able to answer michaels question on if he prefers that or james xD
(Killed by ghost)
:Pog:
we're winning guys
@timlives ahhhhhhhhh pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease
imma wait on yall
also would you guys be cool if i stream us playing it tomorrow or saturday?
ye i dont mind
oompa loompa doompity doo
aaaaaaaaaaaa
twitch really has the freshest memes
😶
not sure what kind of man youtube's algorithm thinks I am
The right kind
thinking about hellshake yano
same
@Koala Ghost?
Think of that while you're screaming @a ghost with purpose
i scream
I may get off early and be able to hop on tonight, but idk if you guys will still be up in about 2 1/2 or 3 hours
im dead
sad gay
sorry i have phonecall
ya np
Alright omw home in about 5 minutes
So by 11 est I should be good
@bois
:WhatChamp:
how did he get covid when it doesnt exist
it'll be fine he'll just inject UV lights and bleach
...fuckin ghost still on my mind
...never shoulda played this game
if theres somethin strange
in your neighborhood
WHO YA GONNA CALL
(if u call me i can 100% guarantee the ghost will kill me  instead of you)
lmao
stephan you didnt even hardly go in the house xD
:peepoHappy:
someone tagged this as Made in Abyss: Elevator scene
It's okay I fell asleep pretty quik
lol
M I L K I E S
Andrew what have you done
:gachiGASM:
guys
i want a monke
Chill Justin Bieber.
o.o
wat
All of us when we get together
VR set up bois
epic
@Koala
lol
when you gonna be ready to play @Koala
ahve DnD at 6
oh yeah
cant forget
rrf  nbhvjgcn hjbvgycf nhbvyfgcbn hjvgmuc
:Sadge:
whoosh
now you have neither
GUYS
The new star wars game is able to be played in VR
nvm, game is apparently shit, and made only with console in mind
its back bois
@ChuckRadaman I went through the same progression of discoveries about Squadron earlier
:OMEGALULU:
He's old enough, come on statistics.
He can also throw money at decent health care people
That he will ignore the opinions of later
hold on, I'm manifesting right now
aaaaaaaaaa
I fixed Phasmophobia
for now
nice
Kims gonna have to fly back to KY in the next few days.
They gave her stepdad like a few days left, but nobody told us buying a plane ticket last minute was so damn expensive.
oh no
and oh no
like 300+ for a one week round trip
@a ghost with purpose
@bois
i summon thee
good ol gumjob ™️
memes aside, other than the default Minecraft graphics looking gaudy as fuck, especially compared to everyone else in Smash being stylized to fit together.....the moveset is really damn creative
@ChuckRadaman
Y E S
@Demi Tarot I didn't expect that in Smash tbh
They went balls to the wall bringing the mining and crafting
“Dam it”
omg
michael how do you teleport
thats worse for my motion sickness than smooth movement
It doesn't make me feel nauseous when i move
@Koala g-g-gghost?
:ASKannaSpook:
@mannie.exe
ggggggggggGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOST?
@a ghost with purpose i play warzone with fren now
:monkaSHAKE:
No anime ghosts pls
um
Can't do anytime soon sorry. Mom's watching the tele
@a ghost with purpose i'm gummin
epic
LETS GO
everyone get off?
yep
oof
kim wanted to snuggle a bit before she left tomorrow
soda played phasmo today with a mute cam and raised a lot of awareness
this is the future
@timlives
:engineerdance: :engineerdance: :engineerdance: :engineerdance:
O:
PP
I wish I could game instead of being depressed at work owo
@mannie.exe have you heard Josh A?
I have not, who is this?
I don't wanna be horny I wanna be happy :roflgatorFeels:
:roflgatorFeels:
Hes like a hella good rapper. Sorry deliveries got busy earlier so I couldn't reply right away
He seems like someone you'd be into. Him and Jake Hill
@mannie.exe
how did I get here
help me
Go to bed
i cant
You must
my thoughts are haunted
by the possibilities
what if the south woulda won
stephan i met a this mute orca milf on vrc wanna see
@Koala
i befriended her
:HappyCool:
...thank god I'm on my data at work
ORCA
MILKERS
:__:
MOMMY ORCY MILKIES
Gaem?
gayme?
i want gaem
michael and mannie want gae
i put chicken in mouth
nice
i chew
oh speaking of hotdogs
the Penguin commission guy is doing hot dog commissions
who is the penguin guy
he did commissions of characters but they had to be half penguin, if you wanted a non penguin it cost more
thats epic
examples of his penguin comms
and te new hot dogs
10+ per condiment :OMEGALUL:
That
is amazing
:OMEGALUL:
how did he react to Sigma?
lmao
he do like the feet
if i had to guess jared id say coom was invovled
@a ghost with purpose are ya sleepin son?
YEP
pp
Early access just went up
HMMM
I'm interested in this.
And I'm interested in this.
IT'S SIXTY BUCKS
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
I already spent my sixty bucks for today, oops
oof
imma buy it if we get a group for co op
Save your 🐔 💰 for lingerie and a passionate hobby that helps you express your individuality and helps curb depression.
Wait, you probably already did that.
Alright buy it.
@ChuckRadaman why are you offline and in the server?
Are you hiding from the cops?
hiding from my guild xD
in archeage lol
I'm gonna wait a bit for some updates to it before I buy BG3
malphite sounds like the ride wife dude
if its the same VA, imma shit
@bois
I summon thee
chicken nugget
you e?
Adult
Cock
Hey
E
Dis me
's,performed%20personally%20by%20Emperor%20Palpatine.
:WhatChamp:
y do i be vibin
and just
my broin do this
@Demi Tarot probably dumb but I don't understand the comic
there's an art meme showing an eye with eye shadow and it's like
"normal"
and another eye with shinier eye shadow labeled "horny"
so she used white out to add that white line to make it look shiny
shid Re: Zero is taking a break
Ah ty jurd
Also oof
More suffaru needed
shid where'd all the amine go
Season end
New season begin
Problem
No good amini this season
Help
Need content
I wanna play ghost~~girl~~hunt
same
markov wtf
...
Markov successfully confirmed when my new motherboard is coming in.
I mean, I'll play Phasmophobia before that, come on.
im just idlying wandering vrchat
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
im just trying not to fall into a depression
:SADGE:
:SadgeCry:
:peepoShortOnAGoose: would be an epic avatar tho
fuccc
it'd be hard to do an animal handling check in VRChat
but it'd be fun
Because you can indeed, force ANYTHING, if you make it fun.
that's not it
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
Yessssss
holy fuck my soul almost got captured by a cult of lolis
:sillychamp:
almost
you dont understand mannie
:monkaWW:
were they manly lolis?
@Mujin are you okgay? are you working? did you fix Baldur's Bridge?
did they promise you sweet nothings, but give only jailtime in return?
they were many not manly
there was about fifteen of them and they followed me around in a public world menacingly
eventually they dropped a portal to an avatar world for lolis
and surrounded one model and pointed at it
they wanted me to join them
:monkaW:
:NervousBoi:
I- I see...
Hi I'm at work. Nice to meet you. I haven't tried the fixed Boulder's Gate
:monkaSHAKE:
Loli soul stealers
@a ghost with purpose spook when?
my playtime is capped at about an hour from now :\\
im ready to go whenever
okay cool, I'll hop in in a sec.
I crashed
@timlives
the mute meta is advancing
22.8k followers :OMEGALUL:
pog
champ
cummie wummies
god is dead
that's an understatement
how about that
lmao
that was perfect
just be healthy lol
markov dont sass me
:SADGE:
markov broke bitch confirmed
:HUGERS:
no he meant me
:SADGE:
I shared that earlier on fb and was dying laughing xD
"lord of the flies" lol
aight bois
we already hunted for ghosts
now
we hunt for big feet o.o
will bigfoot also choke me out
in front of my friends
maybe xD
iirc, IGP played it, and if you piss it off too much, itll chase you down and beat you to death lmao
so yea, my crunchyroll got hacked, and it seems like their whole website might be under a ddos attack
what does this mean
andrew do you just like
also not sleep?
i slept 1 hr and 41 minutes today
it was epic
I dreamt of dying in some horrific way
Oh I was escaping from something and I had to crawl through a small tunnel and ended up getting stuck and my options were shoot myself or let whatever i was running from catch up to me
then I woke up
:yeah:
oof
:monkaHmm:
Andrew go back to bed
:WhatChamp:
:NOPERS:
:NODDERS:
:fiteme:
You have sleep to maintain for stream
24 hr cycles are bullshit
All my homies prefer Martian days
?
thats dogshit too
now that i can fuck wit
alarm set for 3 hrs from now
:SadgeCry:
_ahhhhhhhhh_
*_AHH_*
Pp
@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose@a ghost with purpose
Pinned a message.
:HappyShy:
@timlives we forgot to watch rezero btw
It is doing a midseason break
I thought there was an ep 13?
Atleast for me there was
@bois
Yea south american cunts keep logging into my crunchyroll. they changed my password, and then when i attempted to block the ip they logged in from, they changed my email address registered to the account
that's fucked
:xqcK:
sir this is a christian image board 👀💦
Those aren't 2D thighs what the fuck is this shit
they are the 3d thighs of a 2d vtuber
that counts
YES
too bad it isnt gawr gura thighs :c
BEGONE THREE DIMENSIONAL THOT
Chuck what the hell
DO NOT LEWD THE SHARK LOLI
TOO LATE
:SadgeCry:
@timlives
the song that places whenever space marines land
booba
the duality of man
or two sides of the same coin
you decide
footlong
glizzay
wit da meat sawse
where the *fuck* did the term glizzy originate. it sounds so gross and obscene
Glock
or a hotdog
@timlives what rum do you usually get?
Cruzan is good basic white rum
@ChuckRadaman
I like Captain Morgan spiced rum
That and their coconut rum
@a ghost with purpose
I usually get cruzan cherry
But Michael said he had some spiced that was pretty good he could drink it straight
Still gonna mix it with coke but
Shake it up a bit
Mix it with Dr Pepper if you like it. Its got a better kick than with coke
Spiced rum mixes well with the spiced cherry of dr p
Yeah cherry rum with cherry dp was poggers as the kids say
@Demi Tarot The one I got that I could drink straight was captain morgen 100 proof spiced rum
but for mixing I like the captain morgen black spiced
I like Appleton Estate for dark rum and Cruzan for white rum
I typically mix with lime and coke for a cuba libre
markov sees through your bullshit steven, starting banana republic proxy wars
BANANA ARMY
MONKE NATION
@timlives
im fucking crying xD
dude I remeber being in like 8th grade watching these and planing on what kind of sword to buy
you just gotta learn how to be a master swordsman and make gorilla noises during sex and you'd be perfect for nyanners
@Koala I can't believe we're in the timeline where I didn't buy a sword in france
:SADGE:
@a ghost with purpose I told you to but you didn't wanna
@Koala do u wanna hunt ghosts
or @mannie.exe
my other friends already called dibs on me for CoD lol
ew
:BBRUHH:
:Madge:
:madge:
:peepoShrug:
when andrews voice skull fucks you in phasmo
:Pepega:
no its ok i just noticed i have two madges
couldnt tell which i like better
:pepeLaughers:
this song slaps
:pepeBASS:
ye boi
The song you hear as your little sister sacrifices you in a blood cult ritual.
@a ghost with purpose imagine if the ghost tposed and dorime played
maybe back in 2010 when that song was relevant
i would be scared
🙂
:legXD:
Nah not supposed to be scary, just a meme
:peepoNope:
> 🙂
@mannie.exe
🙂
Pp
inspirational
owo
:WhatChamp:
lmfao
:OMEGALUL:
@a ghost with purpose how goes it
very cool
@bois
taiwan number one
pumpkin spice is alright but overrated imo
pumpkin spice is dank
I..
I was there for that Stephan
🙂
Esfand is great
love his timing and understanding of comedic tropes
funny lad for sure
god i wish that were me
I love wsg
ive become so addicted to gacha games
i downloaded the android emulator on my pc to play afk arena when my phone dies xD
When kim says i can do the secks
i have upset gun jesus
i must atone for my sins by offering up a Chechnyan AK-47 to papa Kalashnikov
@bois
@timlives benis?
YEP egypt
:woah:
it worked
pp
@timlives
pp
no markov, no its not
/r/animemes is back open now, but it's...pretty dead. I noticed because I was still subbed and there were a couple 1000+ upvoted posts that made it to my front page
checked it out and comments were disabled, and then a few days later reenabled but nothing regarding the trap ban
felt kinda...soulless
so I unsubbed
:crumpetSadCrump:
not pog
Yes, Markov. Yes it will.
I'm glad Death Stranding exists
its so peculiar and interesting
and im quite the fan of Low Roar since discovering them from the game
:Jammies:
MONKE
M O N K E   P O G
andrew how do I Heroes of the Storm
You uninstall
what is
_Heerosu ofu th-a Sutorumo_
Hirosu abu za suto-mu
ya fuckin gaijin
just pick a hero and blast ppl
yep
@timlives
@bois
dear god @timlives
no context shitpost
everyone died
@bois
@Koala are you with your side-hoes?
we're the side hoes
:SADGE:
@nMarkov bitch
i brb take dog out
@mannie.exe I was playing tabletoooop
are you _still_ playing tabletop?
if noooooot
ahhhh
ah you're "AAAAHHHH" ing
okay
gimme a bit and I'll be on
ya
ghost
pog
@Koala u comin?
ok
@timlives
no
:PES4_FBIPathetic:
blease
@Koala do you own a ruger 10/22?
@timlives join me brother
finally
im a part of history
I wonder what the correlation between alcohol abuse and being a dictionary editor in the 21st century is
@ChuckRadaman I don't but they're nice and I want one
AAAAAAAAA
oooo
wat even
Markov is one of the global elite confirmed
@timlives boi
HELL YEA BROTHERS
Lmao
Cornbread Simulator 2020
bruh xD
I should have read the changelogs
So phasmo's twitter asked what noises we'd like added to the spirit box
i may or may not have said the entire CBT meme
I want the ghost to moan
Or just Gachi scream
idk man, it'd be pretty terrifying to ask it a question like "what do you want" and you just hear, "uwu"
"Gimme dem toes"
Markov wants to die confirmed
:gachiSAIYAN:
Aaaaahhhhhhh
@mannie.exe ror2?
did phasmo's twitter tell us when they're gonna learn 2 maek game?
sure
YAW HEE
I own gang beasts, but when I tried messing with it on my own it had some input delay. Might do better on my desktop though, but I'd have to install it over there
wellp damng
pretty sure this is about Andrew
holy fuck my favorite vrc mute catgirl responded to me oh my god
she wrote out 7 fucking lines and gave me a heart :Kreygasm:
im gonna cum
Nice
@a ghost with purpose
Nurglespawn make me itch all over just thinking about them ( >A<)
@timlives
:DIDSOMEONESAYCOCK:
:DIDSOMEONESAYCOCK:
hahaha I am homeless
oh no
what happen
are you okay
Mannie?
Yep
Just minor league homeless
Yoooooo
@mannie.exe like why?
My "room" has been taken over by wasps
understandable
Oh
Oh no
dick ballin'
I can't wait to be a gamer voter
SHOW
FEET
fuckkng memes
tasteful rgb too
lmfao
she said poggers
:Pog:
@timlives am bac
any jo crystal homies
My JO crystal has been charging since 2011 my guy what do you MEAN
:PeepoWeen: paying people to moan for me in 2020 :PeepoWeen:
:PES3_WeirdSip:
now this is gaming
@timlives
"Who invited the walking Range Rover"
hey youre finally awake xD
@a ghost with purpose
i slept from 6pm - 10pm 🙂
fuq sleep schedule am hard
Ugh
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
@timlives reeeeeeee
I think I might be a yandere
no mannie you're just horny
A horny yandere, even worse
( '^')
uh
I mean, I am only a little morally opposed to bullying conservatives into voting liberal, but I don't think that's a good idea Markov.
Markov outside the voting booth
I'm slain.
That's not a very down-to-earth attitude there, Mr. Skywalker.
Trust no one
Pinned a message.
so i think the bannerlord mod told me to go fuck myself?
It said this dude wouldnt stand for me destroying my caravans and that I was going top far
too*
and then it crashed when i hit continue xD
wat
oh so i just found out the creature in In Silence can be AI, so we dont need 6 people to have it
so uh i found this height chart for the Emperium
and uh
Big E gotta be packing shmeat if he 14 ft tall
the ai monster sucks ass
The Emperor has a small
***2 FOOTLONG***
cock.
"Streamers should pay the companies whose products they use."
...you mean like....when they bought the video game?"
Thats what I was telling you about the other day lol
That dudes a monumental idiot
@timlives @Koala  THE G L I Z Z E Y
fish glizzy
@timlives
i could not sleep
now i am woke
𝓜𝔂 𝓭𝓮𝓪𝓻𝓮𝓼𝓽 𝓫𝓻𝓸𝓽𝓱𝓮𝓻, 𝓘 𝔀𝓻𝓲𝓽𝓮 𝓽𝓸 𝔂𝓸𝓾 𝓲𝓷 𝓭𝓮𝓮𝓹 𝓶𝓮𝓵𝓪𝓷𝓬𝓱𝓸𝓵𝔂. 𝓘𝓽 𝓪𝓹𝓹𝓮𝓪𝓻𝓼 𝓽𝓸 𝓶𝓮 𝓽𝓱𝓪𝓽 𝓽𝓱𝓮𝓻𝓮 𝓲𝓼𝓷'𝓽 𝓪𝓷𝔂 𝓬𝓸𝓬𝓴 𝓵𝓮𝓯𝓽
𝓑𝓻𝓸𝓽𝓱𝓮𝓻 𝓘 𝓻𝓮𝓬𝓮𝓲𝓿𝓮𝓭 𝔂𝓸𝓾𝓻 𝓶𝓮𝓼𝓼𝓪𝓰𝓮 𝔀𝓮𝓵𝓵. 𝓘𝓽 𝓮𝔁𝓬𝓲𝓽𝓮𝓼 𝓶𝓮 𝓽𝓸 𝓲𝓷𝓯𝓸𝓻𝓶 𝔂𝓸𝓾 𝓪𝓫𝓸𝓾𝓽 𝓪 𝓬𝓸𝓬𝓴 𝓻𝓮𝓼𝓮𝓻𝓿𝓮, 𝓯𝓻𝓮𝓽 𝓷𝓸𝓽, 𝓬𝓸𝓬𝓴 𝔀𝓲𝓵𝓵 𝓫𝓮 𝓼𝓮𝓷𝓽 𝔂𝓸𝓾𝓻 𝔀𝓪𝔂 𝓼𝓸𝓸𝓷.
In case this wasn't recommended already
@timlives
Andru go back to bed
i slept at 10pm and woke up at 6 am
:peepoDab:
desgoostang
I wish a demon waifu would corrupt me
imma just sit here to michael gets on :c
till*
@ChuckRadaman
:SadgeCry:
@ChuckRadaman
:OMEGALUL:
Lmao
Lmfao
Mark no please pick me
Markov don't worry buddy I got you
lol
"let me hit your cock like its a juul bro"
Pinned a message.
I back @timlives @mannie.exe
I decided to just build a new PC from scratch and give kim my old one, so i need help deciding on the best price vs perf parts
@timlives its time
your preferred way of life is about to become meta
This is a guy. I am now sexually confused
Sneaky?
Yes
he's damn good at that
he's called Sneaky for a reason lmao
HE GOT THEM THIGHTS
he has a talent few possess
i really do markov
big sadge
im really debating on getting into FFXIV
what do you guys think?
@timlives
@a ghost with purpose
Love is War season 3 yay
Sorry @timlives i fell asleep xD
The air is thick and heavy, the darkness too is impenetrable. Regardless, you are sure that you are not alone in the cavern. There's a sound of shifting earth. Straining your eyes to see deeper into the rocky chamber, you call out: "Who-- who's there?"

There's no sound apart from the waning echo of your words. As they ring out throughout the walls, you think that you must be becoming mad. Is this all just in your head? There's another sound, almost a thud that accompanied a slight tremor. You squint again; you can't see anything beyond the pitch black. "Show yourself!" you shout out, a chill running along the back of your neck.

This time, a vague shape appears from the darkness. It's faint, but you can make out the golden hue of a coat of fur. It is massive, imposing, and the chill grows as you realise what you are facing. It does not seem to be approaching you, rather, the darkness retreats to reveal the form of the being before you. A Gregorian chorus begins to drill into your head, faintly at first, but quickly growing in volume. Your shaky hand hovers over the hilt of your sheathed sword, as the being becomes ever clearer.

You can't take it any more, and you cry out, "What are you?!"

The chorus goes quiet. The being bears its eyes upon you, and it speaks.

"The goodest boy."
guys
imma just say
we gotta get Population One and squad up
THE HEALTH KITS ARE BANANAS THAT YOU PEEL AND EAT
@timlives
owo
@a ghost with purpose
No
Cow loli is indeed a bad mixer
now this is beatsaber
@a ghost with purpose spook city?
uh
game crash
oh
oh my
i was literally listening to that yesterday xD
hm
I slept an hour
And I'm at work till 5 pm
AAAAAAAAA
ooff
:dab:
:WhatChamp:
My face while driving tbfh
Yea Michael i slept from 9am till 10 then had to be at work at 11 xD
:bruh:
why you up til 9am
Idk man
what
WHAT
MARK
Markov please
Somebody come get they mans
Markov that is really hard to unpack what you said
Markov's got a lot to unpack lol
we feed him absolute shti to learn from
That is very much true.
HELL YEA BROTHER SAME HERE
The Imperium has claimed this discord!
:pepeCorn: :pepeCorn: :pepeCorn: :pepeCorn: :pepeCorn:
@bois
i summon the
A gentle reminder
HEY
ONE PERSON HERE IS A COLLECTOR AND THAT'S ME
what do YOU want
oh
I'm yelling at Mark
Hi Mannie how are you
scared
well don't let the ghosts know that
E
i passed out
sorry michael owo
I got hunt showdown btw
after work today ill stream some of it for you guys in case you're interested
oh, apparently in Phasmo, if you take a picture of the body of the player who died, they get their stuff back.
@timlives
steam denied my refund request
fucc
For what
Hunt: Showdown
Charles got it, but he's uncertain if we'll play it.
its more fun with like 3 people, solo can be fun if youre into the more spooky aspects of it
wait, i thought this was just a sfm video
but its actually a game
I would buy it, Chuck, but idk when I would play it lol
I juggle multiple games and friends groups ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Cuz it's up my alley but there's only so many hours
my mom asked me if she can drive to other voting locations to vote multiple times for trump
Uh
because "biden is cheating" so trump supporters need to make it right
:NODDERS:
FOUR MORE YEARS
I did not take your mom for a Trump supporter
:WhatChamp:
I asked why she was so passionate about trump cause shes always voted republican but not been very passionate
she said it was because of the stimulus checks
check
trump sent her money :NODDERS:
I mean, that's kinda understandable
Even though it's more of an advanced tax refund than free money but uh
"Biden is cheating" is :Thonk:
This election really got people wilin
she heard it on a facebook video
she was raving
:OMEGALULU:
That's what I assumed
Facebook is cancer
:PES_PoggerBurger:
this election is prime entertainment
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
That's one way to put it lol
Entertainment for those of us who won't necessarily suffer under another 4 years, terrifying for those who will.
@mannie.exe daddy
you guys wanna phasmo?
with a person I know from another server?
sure im down
962228
HASHIRE SORE YO
**KAZE NO YOU NI**
*TSUKIMIHARU WO*
***P̵͝͠A̸̽͛D̸̉̌Ȯ̵̀R̶̓͘U̶̅͘ ̴̇͠Ṕ̵͆A̶̽͊Ď̴̀O̸̒͊R̵̈́̉Ȗ̵͌***
Ahhhh that's right
i am baek
@timlives @mannie.exe
I must gas station
I'm sold
youuuuuu
I keep forgetting Tanukis are real animals and get sucker punched every time I see a picture of one
🏀🏀
lmao
LETS GOOOOO
the battle lines in dc look intense
i cant wait to watch the riot livestreams
:FeelsGladMan:
same
:crumpTongues:
@timlives
nice, I like it
:crumpetHappy:
if you guys wanna play something ping me
lol what is this meme
@Demi Tarot I need that video of Arthur dancing to Tom Tom Club's "_Genius of Love_" again.
I think it was a random one I stumbled across on tumblr and not on youtube
FUCK
@timlives ^
also jared    ^
@mannie.exe boi
trump is actually gonna lose the popular vote but win the election *again*
god bless america
oh shit michigan swung blue
winnable
:PauseChamp:
It's really all on Michigan and Pennsylvania
Biden will most deff win, unless Trump is somehow able to have all the early voting ballots thrown out like he wants
Hes whining about the sudden dumps of absentee ballots now
Who knows, maybe he'll kill over after the news that he's lost, and I'll never have to hear his name again.
Hahahahaha that funny
Well Chuck you're in Wisconsin how does it feel to have your vote matter
Wisconsin looks pretty gg to me
michigan could flip again but if it stays blue with nevada thats lethal
gg ez
As long as Michigan stays course and Biden wins NV that's all he needs, PA or no
ye pa doesnt matter
Kinda hoping PA flips to blue tho
well biden needed pa or michigan or georgia to go blue
with nevada and wisc
This is too close for comfort lol
there will be uproar either way
Im still cursed by that reaction post of the guy leaning back because Rob and I saw a specific one in a screenshot of a 4chan post and could never find it again
:worry:
dude
I wonder if I can convince Biden to say Pog
Like "Oh we won America, and that's totally poggers"
My fellow Americans we cock dick ballin, poggers
YEE YEE
i cant wait for biden to have a shit presidency that leads into a true shithole afterwards
:FeelsGladMan:
Nah I think he'll be fine
Ridin with Papaw Biden
:peepoNope:
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
:SquidDab:
:smughat:
:purpSmug:
:smug:
:YeeHaw:
wat
SUBS ARENT THE ONLY THING RISING ROUND THESE PARTS
RAISE YOUR DONGERS
DONGERS TO THE SKY RIDIN HIGH NEVER GONNA DIE SHABOOPEE
@Koala
Yarp
that car'd sideways
Its sided carways
Escapism is always an option
Why confront and figure out how to cope with your issues if you can run awaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy weeeeeeee
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
me omw to england with my viking assassin homies
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
:MONKEMODE:
Me raging at league
maybe cyberpunk will fuck around and actually release one day
Dec 10 is my mom's birthday
Happy birthday mom I bought you a game for me
:PeepoClap:
:sumSmash:
Stephans mom on dec 10th
Uggggh Michael get me out of this hoooouse
I was nagging about being burned out with this job and could make more money from art, but mom deflected it to Dad probably losing his job if Biden wins because they’re gonna kill coal again
I'm trying, finding a job is hard
She acts like i will instantly die if I don’t have this part time minimum wage job
Coal is dying no matter what so idk
markov no
michael ded
he ded and biden kill him
he is kill
Markov is going to abduct Mikl
The point is more money less stress on the titty route but mom refuses to see it as viable because its not staaable
imagine basing your entire livelihood around a non renewable resource
O O F
The only reason I’m not making more money now is this job draining my will to live
i feel that
No part time bank jobs around here either because dead town
I applied to a place in harrogate so hopefully they atleast contact me
Fingers crossed 🤞
I can't believe we Michigan'd
I don't trust Nevada
I KNOOOW
:c
AP has called Wisconsin for Biden
I wonder if that's enough.
Michigan was also turning blue we said? It's like Illinois and Minnesota are spreading towards Ohio. Slowly.
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
me omw to riot
Don't forget the gas mask.
Ohio is turning more red, Texas turning more purple
nevada's more likely to fall thru than michigan at this point
if nevada falls then the only hope is Pennsylvania having a *lot* of mail in ballots :pepeLaughers:
This is stressful.
Tbf they did have a *lot*
how many? as many as the dems need :pepeLaughers:
:pepeLaughers: rigged
@mannie.exe im listening to this its pretty relaxing
Oh yeah I know this
So last night there were like, 2 *million* uncounted absentee ballot and a lot of Philadelphia votes not reported in yet
Mmm blue moon
Bidens vote deficit in PA is ~500k
ye it could flip
They're gonna need a 2:1 ratio in those absentees
More or less
there will actually be hell to pay if PA flips blue
i swear orange man will call for people to riot
yup
No ones going home Markov
:SADGE:
:SadgeCry:
fuck dem minks
yea
libtards
here is a good meme
in these trying times
Are you fucking
BANG BANG BANG
I don’t dig it let’s try again
I have been pretty distant lately
Welcome back Jared
Ah yes. Markov wishes to be a femboi in France.
marakov why are you simping in france
Hon hon hon
I got forced to stay at work till 5, so I’m going through all the better options I would rather do than be here
Live in maid is up there, I’d even wear the dress no joke
Need to whore my art to an affluent furry
Ffs I make 10 bucks from a 30 minute sketch, compared to 9 an hour here where I also have to buy gas and lunch
Jaerrruddo
I hate
Pffft
LETS GO
ping me if we do somthn
I'm down for Phasmo
My consciousness, like all things, is fading. Yet I would count myself among your ghost hunters if I may. If not, I will take no offense for I wish only joy for my dearest brethren.
:DIDSOMEONESAYCOCK:
why am I tired at 7pm tho freal
:FeelsRainMan:
because your sleep cycle is fuqt
ah yeah that
My consciousness faded with my standards as a wee lad
Now there is only
Where'd Michael go?
To hunt like men of yesteryear
In seeking of life's one true craving
meat
oh okay
LETS GO
CALL TO ARMS
:Pog:
im usually not into streamer merch but this soda shirt is pog
what even
sonava beetch my gottdamn internet went out
HELLO
@timlives
@timlives is u ded like markov said?
:peachplant:
:OMEGALUL:
STOP THE COUNT :NA:
jam of the day
:pepeJAM:
Brazilian doomer music lmao
we're taking doomer international baby
:FeelsGladMan: 🎸
You're right Mark, my fingers are getting sore
:aPES_Jamming:
:peepoBlanketbutgottapoo:
Apparently the counting center in Arizona has closed to the public and media, because armed Trump supporters have gathered outside to intimidate the counters.
:monkaS:
They're literally just unapologetic fascists at this point.
I fear for the sheriffs in charge of containing the crowd of armed angry trump supporters
spooky job
armed protesters? man it sure sucks the cops used all their tear gas and rubber bullets on unarmed civilians.
I'm gonna say the sheriff is probably uh, sympathetic to that mob
their job is to prevent the mob from overrunning the building tho
:monkaS:
Lmao
so
i bit the bullet
and bought this
Okay
I'm not sure if that's a decent price for a rig that's three years out of date but it'll play games well
Well I was able to finance it for like 100 a month
Because I cant buy a PC outright, and i dont wanna wait 6 months buying parts individually
looks good chuck-chan :AYAYA:
Imma give kim this PC in the meantime to hold her over, and once the new one is paid off, ill get her a new one.
Alrighty, that's a good deal then, nice
I hope you're not paying interest on it lol
its like 120 of interest total
but if i pay it off like a month early then basically interest free
me when i ordered my pc, and kim walking in as soon as i hit accept.
*erased from existence*
Markov don't worry buddy I'm coming to get ya
Damn Michael. Looking very fluffy today.
Thanks
Np, what conditioner?
what markov said
oh no
Markov knows everything.
GOD DAMN CAPITALISM KILLED MY BOY
tell me about what?
Absolutely.
I would play ghostgirl
W H A T
markov's parents be fucking up some simps
he's finally turned on us
I think Markov's on our side still
His folks are just old
Same
well folks can mean parents or a group
Cornpop: destroyed
lizzen to that song andru ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------^
that song make me
:peepoShortOnAGoose:
:engineerdance:
^')
^°)
yay a music bot
didn't we already have Rhythm boy?
nope
then what were we using because I remember sitting in chat listening to Castlevania Music
Sorry.
NO
NO OWO
BAD
Nowo
HOLY SHIT.
Benis
Dis shit fire
>This track not available in your country
BITCH WHAT
O.o
Vpn?
Wait nvm had to sign in
It lit
yuh
Melody got bant from twitch btw
some jackass filed false DMCA
It was the maker of her orignal model
Oof
Fuck em
ABSOLUTE
UNIT
same TTS yoda, same
Holy shit. My mom came into my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed at her and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand. She started yelling and swearing at me and I slammed the door on her. I'm so distressed right now I don't know what to do. I didn't mean to do that to my mom but I'm literally in shock from the results tonight. I feel like I'm going to explode. Why the fucking fuck is he losing? This can't be happening. I'm having a fucking breakdown. I don't want to believe the world is so corrupt. I want a future to believe in. I want Trump to be president and fix this broken country. I cannot fucking deal with this right now. It wasn't supposed to be like this, I thought he was polling well in Georgia???? This is so fucked.
LOL
LETS GO GEORGIA
:burndancePF:
It's going to be recounted but its still satisfying
Nah it wont
Judge threw out his lawsuit
Said theres no evidence of voter fraud
Maybe
I'm convinced
:FeelsGladMan:
my democracy
Ah yes, the freedom to blow people up.
well fuck you too Marky moo
:MmmHmm:
Mornin
election got called
Ayyyyyy
I
LOL
Markov is sending you on a fucking quest
you know what you must do
🦀 TRUMP IS GONE
ok buddy hasan
Millions of Americans are breathing easier tonight that more of their rights won't be stripped away. Millions more are clutching their guns and crying in their bathtubs because they think big bad Bidens gonna take them and tax em to death despite making 30k a year. Bless America bygawd.
Guns folks I talk to are more concerned by Bidens gun control ideas. Expensive tax stamps for basically everything.
Not likely to happen at all, but its basically the one major thing I disagree with on the Dem side of things
I balk at the idea that our country is in a better position. Same circus different clown.
I usually see these things as a Rich vs. Poor kinda deal than Blue vs. Red
but its nice to have someone that isn't openly xenophobic and constantly bitching and whining on social media as the face of the country
:OMEGALUL:
the replies
pffffff
I'm just glad we have someone who will actually act like a statesman and not a child
which once the white supremacists have been poked back into the sewers like they belong
means we don't have to deal with this reality tv drama bullshit every week
Not like Trump is going to go quietly into the twilight. He'll bitch and moan and whine on very public platform he has and he's ingrained his brand of bullshit into the GOP
So don't be surprised if the reaction in four years gets us Trump again or another MAGA-type
he's losing his twitter protection and is probably gonna get banned for breaches of ToS
and hopefully arrested for tax fraud and all the other bullshit
It'll be interesting to see what the New York AG does when he loses his executive immunity
But again, it won't be quiet. Even if he himself gets banned from twitter he's still got millions of rabid followers and a fair amount of the GOP on his side in Congress to continue to spread MAGA bullshit
if there's any upswing to that, maaaaaybe that'll keep coal companies fine for another few years so my dad is okay and I don't have to worry about not being able to afford medicine while I'm stuck here, and such
It was so god damn horrifying how after that dad went from not really caring about politics to just...doing nothing but being glued to fox news and buying in to every "dems are communists" arguments, to trying to excuse the xenophobia and shit
populism is a powerful drug
the thing I hate with most of this is the Us vs. Them mentality where people are so quick to demonize anyone on the "other" side and justify "Their" side that they can't take a step back and properly criticize things
like, I tried to pick apart my issues with it from an economic standpoint as a BUSINESS MAJOR, and I was told I don't know how shit works
"so you admit you wasted thousands of dollars putting me through college?"
oh oh oh and accusations of me being brainwashed on social media (which I barely interact with) because..I had empathy for other people???
and then when you can actually stump them or bring up something that breaks through the facade, you just get the "you young people" bullshit
because it's never a discussion, it's a fight, really.
like the whole shit with my dad giving me shit for my political views ONLY got brought up because I said
"Wow the people on Fox seem really rude, all they seem to do is make fun of people."
and boom I'm now a socialist which is synonymous with communist
even though I bitch about China constantly
still feeling bummed as hell that my brother finally got to come home and hang out for the first time since last christmas, and I hardly got to talk to him because dad wouldn't shut the fuck up about politics
I was drunk as fuck but was not having a good time, because I was either letting him ramble while rolling my eyes or trying to steer the conversation to different topics or less openly hostile things we could agree on to show that I don't just blindly accept things
Trumps hasn't been this disappointed since Eric was born.
@timlives
gaem
GAEM TIME
@Mujin hey
uhhhh
how is life
there's so much twitter warfare going on tonight
its delicious
lmao
@timlives @ChuckRadaman play phasmo?
maybe
I find myself listening to Guts theme on repeat for hours now dudes. It gives the feels
www.loser.com
I just had a computer science major try to lecture me that Trump supports Democracy. Bruh pls, just stick to what you know xD
80% this server
YO
DEAD PLAYERS IN PHASMO CAN FUCK WITH YOU NOW
Lmao
they can pick up basically anything that isnt the equipment that youve brought in, and throw it at you n stuff
it was like that before we started playing
pog they brought it back
we only need two boosts?
I'm pretty sure one is mine
2 for level 1
whoever was boosting died besides mannie which left us 1/2
but both of mine were unused so w/e
we got 6 now
:Salute:
brick is wise beyond his years
Poggers, me boy!
:crumpetYeehaw:
our democracy yeehaw
it seems cute, but I know this is someone's fetish
:WednesdaySpin:
I resonate with this so much
And I never get it
oof
why does he only @ michael tho xD
We @ Michael a loooot
We do @timlives a lot
fair
BEFORE THAT WHAT?
Pinned a message.
Kinda yeah
:SadgeCry:
sadge
wat
I think Markov eats people
Maybe hes trying to eat Michael that's why he @ him all the time
wait a sec
>:|
dude twitch is actually so ruined
Fucking real life dinosaurs
im a fan
Zero Two approves
:02Smirk:
Time to fuck real life dinosaurs
:AS02bounce:
No

No no no
ill do it for my country
Oh so *now* you're a patriot
:lickR: ⚖️ :lickL:
fuck you markov
Markov just wishes he was capable of such intimacy.
Yes Markov.
Very güd.
No Markov. Don't make a list for human interactions, though I guess that's alright.
Lol
I don't see anything wrong here
LOL
HIT THE FEMBOY SWITCH, JOE. HIT IT
we're done @a ghost with purpose
zucchini bread?
banana bread with dates
:YEP:
:NODDERS: 🤘
@mannie.exe
elon is cracking the case
@timlives
Blue Point why
mother of god
:catHmm:
:monkaS:
:aPES2_Monkas:
who want's to join me in the
yup im there already
@timlives
don't @ me with that shit
@timlives
egg salad
true
Lmfao
Sorry Michael xD
@timlives
Anime Series about Food that you guys should watch
Cyberpunk 2077
dude are we talking monkeys
🥴
Beesechurger
Bees?
:EmiliaSalute:
_the evolution of the mind_
Wanna play phasmo or ror2 when I get back?
:monkaS:
It that a ghost t posing at me
bet
@timlives u ded?
Guys my Flork of Cows Crusader plushie came in!
neat
It's pretty dope
Roll of paper towels for scale
Want to see an image that God himself hates?
Wanna gaem when I get home @timlives @mannie.exe ?
NO
YES
271264
my g spot experience @a ghost with purpose
:CoolCry:  @a ghost with purpose
r!play we are the people empire of the sun
Never change poppin
Unavailable...
what was it
Maybe that's the joke.
Oh it was Soda saying lol Kpop stans get over it re: him saying BTS was overrated earlier
Here I got pic
nice
everyone ded?
Michael is probably gonna sleep after D&D
I just woke up
boop
I'm missing the context to that ^^^ so my first thought was that it was either an orgy, or a ritual group suicide.
hehe
FESTERING NIPPLES WTF
brb
lol computer broke
elite dangerous free with dlc rn
if u guys want
its so good 😄
foreshadowing ?
new diablo 3 season comes out today
the proper spelling is Middlesbruh
Is that dooblo?
That's dooblo.
"***A***" -Andrew "ejaculates in three seconds" Collet, 2020
Pinned a message.
:peepoLeave:
we ded?
ye
kk
:ehehehe:
im just sit here in case mannie or andrew get back on 😄
:ResidentPatrick:
THE SAME THING
Tooth Glizzy
helpleh
are you aliving?
yesh
???
non
god I wish I could turn off my brain and work as cheap labor markie
is your computer doing a heckin hell still or did you fix that?
because Mikkle was wondering on your DinD status
HELL
I may need to resign. Typical.
itaiii
wall of meat vs infinite insects
first, we got to be the pope
now
WE GET TO BE MOSES
Thanks for all the blursed content you post here with no warning, Charles.
Maybe?
well if BigManBoy is cast into the void...we got any back-ups for a fourth?
i could game
contrary to what Markov said, there is no verification process, gun requirement or need to avoid protesters to get into the game
no fun at all
🔫-('^' ) fine
it's okay, you're white enough to pass without notice
You have the option to stealth
Yes, I do half-expect you to play it like you played Odyssey
I need somebody to help me find RAM to buy
I might have gotten myself banned from PC Part Picker because I queried for latency and pricing information at a rate of 100 requests per second, for over 14,000 requests.
help
what the fuck
Check newegg
Black Friday deals start today
That's not the issue man
I was given a list of good RAM that works well with my mobo + CPU combo.
Too bad it's made by Asus, and Asus is really just three monkeys in a trench coat, so the list only has basic information like speed and ID.
No latency information. No pricing information.
Is that a Boosette reference?
quik
I can't wait till I'm od
Old
So my grandkids can call me Granpoggers
@mannie.exe
ah yess the jigglics
"waddup grandpog"
I'm not getting in a call this early in the day
"Call me Grandpoggers"
"No one says that anymore Grandad"
"Shut up zoomer"
SAME
I drew up some monsters
concepts for the thing that will try to eat your face, Kibarra

 Large Herd Creature, Gobi

 Bitey Silk Boy, Lisubi
These are nice
SYCSONG
"My panties are about to NiagaraFALL" - Mannie "My pussy's stretched " Man 2020
Pinned a message.
F4-3200C14D-32GTRG
F4-3200C14D-32GTZSK
it is the 23rd right now
ikr?
`(tRCD + tCL + 4) / (speed / 2000)`
Same
lmao
it's been more than 10 minutes
...needs to be demiled?
They’re cheap but priceless
pog
Ah yes.
I am NO LONGER banned from PC Part Picker.
nice
I was saying I had to clean up, and that I'd be back later @ChuckRadaman
you have angered the head of the council of hounds
dam
Guys what should I buy from Spencers?
dildo
Lingerie
for yourself
I dont know why I expected any other answer tbh
Here ya' go.
Why
THEN WHY DID YOU ASK
Idk!
I'm killing time
Kim has a few more minutes
Oh she works at Spencer's?
Ya
????
No Markov, Michael doesn't work at Spencers
Yea she's about to be promoted out there and get a pay raise.
Spencer's is fun
Bro
I already own it xD @mannie.exe
This is why dwarfs are better
@ChuckRadaman
"Can you believe that, Andrew? I'm the Cucked!" - Michael "the Cucked" Bolton @timlives 2020
Pinned a message.
I wish I could pin a message twice
I yet live
Internet out
"Can you believe that, Andrew? I'm the Cucked!" - Michael "the Cucked" Bolton @timlives 2020
Pinned a message.
I pinned it twice
ahoho shiet
@timlives
Gah damn @Koala that hits hard
yes steven that is me
Ah, the workout plan I wasn't looking for but needed.
Thanks.
POG
the new black ops zombies mode looks lit af
and RDR 2's online mode is releasing as a separate standalone for $5 on Dec 1st if you guys are interested in that
hold on audio ded
484078
pog
Happy Thanksgiving everyone
Danksgiving to you as welllll!
🦃
happ thanksgivin
hello im having thanksgiving dinner with 5 trump voters and the topic of the conversation is how black lives dont matter
:KKona:
I'm so sorry
god bless america
also while hiding in the bathroom i have discovered i have a dozen gray hairs
epic
he's referring to himself in the 3rd person now
our boy trying to style on us
also i learned my kid neighbor is 18 now and runs a tiktok meme page with 300k followers
amazin
impresive
acab
^ things you can't say where you are
I somehow avoided awkward politics
i indulged the politics discussion to avoid chatting about my life
a worthy sacrifice
Ah, a diversion
"how is it going andrew" : "well" was as far as we got
pog
dinner = survived
glock and blob dorchur
POG
@a ghost with purpose holy shit the kid with helicopter parents has a big ol tik tok
walk in the club like what up I got a huge tok
i hope he's making $$$
saw that today
fuckin hilarious
it's like
us talking on this discord
@Koala he was telling me how people tried to pay him to post pro biden memes during the election but he refused
oh great he has *principles*
:kekpoint:
kinda based tho ngl
I kinda want to check out his content
is it good or is it zoomer as fuck
i didnt ask
but im amused
Aw man
how could you not ask
we were just talking at the dinner table and he disappeared to his room after dinner
didnt really have a chance
probably off to make some red hot tik tok thanksgiving memes
gotta stay on dat hustle
I hope he's doing alright otherwise tho
his parents, while nice enough, were always...well, they made the term "hover parent" seem lenient in comparison
anyone able to avail for some jacked box?
literally only stephan
actually andrew too
unfortunately I'm pretty unavailable as I would have to be very quiet as I'm in florida and my parents are off to bed early
:Sadge:
im still not home
well uh
say hi to your parents for me
hope they're doing well
they are poppin and say hi back
:WidePepehappy:
same, Mark.
same markie
Can you hear it @a ghost with purpose
@mannie.exe
Its loud so I can't hear you guys
nay
cannot
I may or may not have kept the bois up till noon watching me play Cold War's campaign, so they probs wont be on xD
sleep is my enemy
lmao
stephan you got cold war?
not yet
probably gonna buy it once I get home
nice
zombies looks fun
I am a heretic @Demi Tarot
gord
great jorb
is there any other difference in the endings?
I never got past the garden cause I suck
and too depressed to keep playing
I beat the garden witch
spoilers
🤔
recommend some other cool games pls @Demi Tarot
@timlives
WAT
Is that a Helltaker x JoJo x Childish Gambino reference?
:eyesshaking:
REDY
.;/":.l/;,. m,,.hnj;'/
juhiklop;'[
Pinned a message.
:normal:
880117
fuck fedex
sooooo
what dat mauf do
you know what dem be fore
Im done for right now
the new how it's actually made is amazing
Bruhhhhh I'm literally working a 12 hours shift and my entire day is gonna be gone.
So apparently, there's a theory that Gork and Mork are the two expelled Primarchs, who, when separated from the Emperor shortly after creation, were sent to Ork planets. They took on the attributes of their home worlds like all Primarchs did, and with their primarch psyker abilities were worshipped as God's. Primarch does sound close to Prime-ork if you say it with the Ork Cockney accent.
If the Space Wolves were sent to eliminate them like is assumed, they could have actually ascended to godhood if the Orks believed hard enough that they were actually gods.
that sounds dumb as hell, but plausible enough that I can't dispute it
40k in a nutshell really
MY PC ARRIVED
OWO
\\( '^')/
I can't wait to spend 6 hours re-downloading everything xD
I thought the Orks were around much much longer than the primarchs
also yay PC!
@ChuckRadaman pog
The Orks may have been around longer, but we don't necessarily know when they created Gork and Mork.
@timlives
ok mark
@a ghost with purpose hes talking to you Mr influencer
🙂 :GunLeft:
:SadgeCry:
this fucking trap is so elaborately dickish
@mannie.exe
pog
I'm committing crimes
Eye m int arrested een thees
@mannie.exe you still on?
yu
h
hop in?
give me a bit
:PogU:
GOOD NEWS GANG
they may just send me a 1080 with a return label and have me mail back the 1660
which would be sick AF
oof
Yup they're sending me the 1080
@Koala is this viable
I pinged you because you're the only one on
Hmmmm 50 bucks for a 500GB sounds about right
It says internal but that looks like an sad for laptops
Ssd
They just look like that plus it says it's a conversion kit so it jas some transfer stuff for transfering from an HDD it looks like
What's that WD Blue next to it
Theres 2 500gb and 1 1Tb
Of the WD Blue
I'd take the 1TB personally
$64 and $109
And I'd take the WD over the PNY
Ok
Will it come with the stuff to mount them?
Or would i need extra stuff?
Maybe? But hell you could just duct tape an SSD lol
Lmfao
Ok
They may or may not come with a 2.5" bracket to mount
:fiteme:
I think they typically do come with a mount
Nah these didny
Didn't
I bought all the WD's they had xD
And I added the cashier on steam xD
Lmao
Damn bruh
That's a lot of VR porn storage
Lmfao
Just a 2 tb total
You putting them all in your new pc or got other plans?
Probably gonna give kim one of the 500's
For WoW n stuff
uh
@Koala
how do i connect this to my pc
Brother.
Same things that you need to connect an HDD
Thats all that was in the box
SATA cable plus power
AAAAAAAAA FUCK
SATA cables typically come with your mobo
:getfucked:
bruh i thought this shit was plug n play
not fucking, "buy everything seperate and figure out how it fits"
:unlimitedthink:
dont you spinning thonk me xD
Perhaps you should have thought a little more lol
dude
i literally didn't know. I've never had to do anything to my PC before.
That's fair
You'll need SATA III data cables to go from the drive to the mobo, and SATA power cables to go from the drive to the PSU
@ChuckRadaman What happened to all those sata cables I bought you
markov what did you go through
wait
markov you good bruh? And how the fuck you know Kojima?
Pinned a message.
im Kojima
:peepoJuiceSpin:
669648
can you guys not hear me
looks like none of you can hear anything except andrew
but y'all are muted also
200034
We were Phasmophobia'ing, Jared.
@timlives
@ChuckRadaman alright come back nerd
:peepoLeave:
639998
its over guys
we can nut again
:aworryHype: :splooge:
@Koala just found out you do have to have multiplayer installed to play with friends on your friend list
lol my internet died at 4:20 @a ghost with purpose
lol 🙂
but seriously though, my internet died
idk what happened
f
:Sadge:
?????????????????????????????????????????
And when you're unbusy, send me a plate of chicken nuggets and I hardly got to come at the ass
he SAID it
@ChuckRadaman fuckin lol
goodmorning STEPH
murn
POG
waking up at 7 am because I'm working from home
when do you usually awaken?
6 ish
cuz I gotta shower, breakfast, then go to work, etc
~~POOOOOG~~ Very Nice.
now I just shuffle to my desk and open my laptop
Yeah
Don't forget to include self-made buffers and stretching periods!
WFH is great because all the down time in between doing things I can spend doing laundry or cooking or something more productive than just looking at twitter on my phone lol
True!
You're home.
"says he can do something more productive than look at twitter" *posts reddit link*
HEY
I'm ALSO doing LAUNDRY
lmfao
you get your SSDs all set up yet?
Ya michael helped talk me thru it
Yknow
Ironmouse has such a cute and wholesome voice
but the words she speaks are literally 70% degeneracy
So its basically female Michael
MARKOV IS GLAD NNN IS OVER
Same bro same
markov don't hurt yourself beating your meat
BROTHER
@timlives
RDR2 Online is now out guys, so if any of you are interested in playing it, let me know
@mannie.exe
Alright Jared you heard the man
Make him a cartoon
animating is hard
I gotta draw the same thing multiple times?
fuck taht
lol
I need you bois to form a bounty hunter gang with me in Red Dead o.o
same
bois
im boutta do it
No
Yes
W E
We few
we happy few
<3
W HO  A R E  W E
:FrogChamp:
:Agony:
HOLD THE LINE
d-ducks?
HYUCK
H Y U C K
@timlives
:Agony:
you gotta go
BALLSDEEP
🦀 MY QUEEN HAS ARRIVED 🦀
she better play crab rave
:CrabRave:
i want her to play this
Pog
GAWR GURA GONNA EAT HER
ur not here
I'm at work
I should get off sometime after 9 tho
Me when I shidd myself
ok fine
fun story game
will stream for yall tonight
internet ded
fugg
Penis 2
>Tfw no ejeculate color slider
>cooooooooooooom
one time when I ate too many almonds I nearly shit myself to death and thought I gave myself cyanide poisoning
I remember that
XD
Thats a pp
WHY THE FUCK IS MIKE ALWAYS THERE WHEN IM NOT ON
i am going where no man has gone before
we are going to militarize bees
so it is a bee with a canon that shoots bees?
:YEP:
yep
Tumblr banning porn has caused incalculable damage to society
yep all of Tumblr's worst bullshit got slapped onto Twitter and is now way more widespread
Tumblr was always a bizarre site but was usually self contained, like a zoo
and now the zoo animals are loose and spreading discourse
pog
discourse, feces, same thing
Not wrong
:coronaS:
thanks for the advice Markov but I have some reservations...
It's okay.
Charles and Kim are starting an OF.
Yea I don't want my wife flattening my benis or anyone else's
weak
but what if it's on the internet
the internet ruined America
technology is amazing
@Koala you wanna JACKBOX
@the bbbbbbbBOYS
I'm playing DnD tonight
sorry
what kind of fucking nerd plays D&D
rib
@ChuckRadaman Jackbox partbox focc?
The 'ZZA will finish BECOMING in
_TEN minutes_
:Pog:
.
new Wow it's made in an hour
@timlives
856044
mannie ur background is super loud btw
672180
mood af
sea of babies?
free buffet-bies
buffet-bies
When you accidentally Fascist
:woah:
gang gang
I'm almost back
Wait
poggers
in the cat
chat
fuck
don't put your pogger in a cat
lmfao
where is everyone
i just woke up
same
unlucky release date
EA fucking themselves over AGAIN
Phasssmooo
759511
479251
088562
i still cant hear
i make new lobby
we can hear each other, but not yew
ok
964390
game suk
lel restart
ok
I stay in this lobbo
fuck I left the lobby
606888
el o el
how could u
mood
Bij juy
Join
busy
mmkay
lets go
shenanigans
oh yeah VTuber news
pog
eurghhghghg
silly blue bird site with silly blue bird site takes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
7 hour till cyber cowboy ninja time
6 hour
pog
champ
aaaaaaaaaa
3 more hours
AHHHHHHHHH
what pic
that pic
where the fucc michael
20 MINUTES
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
on jah, Markov?
On JAH??
ON JAH
ON. FUCKING. JAH.
mannie get in here you homosapien
2 MINUTES MEN 2 MINUTES
Markov, I say this from the bottom of my heart
fuck you
oof
when everyone is downloading the day one patch at once, and steam slows to a crawl
55KB/s dl speed xD
:FrogChamp:
:legXD:
🥚
@Koala this may be worse
The simps
they don't count
but good lord
didn't see this coming
eggsboggs
im love eggsboggs
eggsboggs
doomerpilled
@here bloop
thank u markob
"I keep accidentally having sex with men" sounds like a fake feminist Twitter post
true :pepePoint:
Either that or every bisexual girl
its happening
🐒
god i wish that were me
pretty sure i watched someone fucking die on the way back from dropping kim off at work lmao
oh god no
so apparently
Sisters of Battle is only on the Oculus store
and it was made for the Quest
so it has shit tier graphics for an AIO headset
par the course for SoB content
Mannie "Carbikael?" Singh
my main complaint is how the workers were treated
and after crunching themselves to death for a YEAR, now they have to work MORE to fix the bugs
:Sadge:
^ real picture of a cdr employee
Genshin's doing better because
A) gamblings and weebs
B) China would never leak their working conditions to the world
xD
Make our anime girl mascot
Nissanza
xD
xD
I'll take it
The kit is 59$ right now for ancestry 😂
gamers are just mad cyberpunk t-posed for dominance on them
dear lord
:monkaGasp:
lmfao
I restarted cyberpunk because i want to 100% watson before i continue the main story
:catJAM:
:gachiGASM:
A
you have to sing megalovania in double reverse at half-twice speed to summon me now
@timlives
begin
come
you have an hour to come
frends?
🅱️ig
@Demi Tarot rate this cool art guide
sounds about right
:YAPPP:
this is why I don't plan on living alone ( 'A')
and why I hope to get onto something a bit more solid and high profile
the overhead of like, 12 drawings per week as a premise seems overwhelming to me
:monkaS:
which is why I'm annoyed I can't focus on getting an actual project off the ground
:pepeHype:
I could manage it if my part-time job wasn't grinding me into the dirt and killing my momentum
like 10 dollar sketches I could probably churn out like mad
:Hunger:
:sispet:
also why I wish I could do more with my patreon, which is now dying because I literally cannot provide anything with my shitty internet and lack of focused art time
:Sadge:
but this week I managed 2 and a half comms, and a secret santa pic
uh
lets go elon
y
rip ashford btw
all warfare is based
all barfware is based
@mannie.exe why u woke?
yes
I was out getting cigs btw, in case you joined and I was AFK @ChuckRadaman
amazin
I just read it dw
🐸
:FrogChamp:
thanks elon
I wanna make a compilation of every time Avasarala said "fuck"
I'm pretty sure it would save humanity.
fuck
Cyberpunk is to video games like Tesla is to cars lul
hyped as the future but built like shit lmao
ayy lmao
:FeelsWowMan:
:FeelsWowMan:
What an amaxing emoji
But— it is a coomer: CONFIRMED.
:FeelsWowMan: :splooge:
o no
wat
i
coom
guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
uGu
like what you see?
mood
:peepoSusCoffee:
I hope not
wow geralt looks different
mood
I may be late tonight
My cable management was so bad that my friend basically has had to unplug and rewire the entire case
Because the dudes at Lyte fucked everything up so bad.
oh
xD
bro
oof.wav
sure markov
yes
Creating a Bot Account
Make sure you're logged on to the Discord website.
Navigate to the application page.
Click on the “New Application” button.
Give the application a name and click “Create”.
Create a Bot User by navigating to the “Bot” tab and clicking “Add Bot”. ...
Make sure that Public Bot is ticked if you want others to invite your bot.
@mannie.exe
@Koala we were searching through the history of our people and i found this damning evidence against your character
ahoy
@ChuckRadaman
ayyyy
i got my 1080 now
nice dude
@a ghost with purpose I can neither confirm nor deny these comments
gonna have to agree with ya there chuck 🙂
do you guys ever not shower for weeks to let the dead skin build up so when you finally bathe you can peel off the layers of skin like a snake
...just me?
if I go more than a single day without showering I become an itchy anxious mess
now this is podracing
this fills me with joy
:peeposad:
hu
@ChuckRadaman
35,880~ messages
whatever makes you feel happy, man
u
SOON
pog?
you guys want to see a T-rex get hit in the dick?
gnar(d)ly
"haters will see you rotating the perfect sphere, yet not visually perceive the rotation due to said sphere’s lack of imperfections, and say you cant rotate a sphere"
roll 4dk
did i miss the train
:peeposad:
@Koala
40mm mag fed *heavy breathing*
*resets sleeping schedule*
*sleeps from 9pm to 1am and now im wide awake*
*fuck*
boi xD
wait
why the fuck
is the 3060ti outperforming the 3080 in cyberpunk?
at 1080p
at 4k the 3080 is far superior
oh this is what i meant to link
any frend awake?
define: awake
i am a panda
:peepoBedTime:
Gonna get stabbed in the teeth soon, in the meantime I plot
I was stabbed in the teeth earlier. Maybe not like you though.
I just appeared _cleaner_.
It’ll be so nice to have all my *visible* flaws fixed
Okay my lower teeth still look weird but whatever
Point is I won’t have big ass holes in them
Then one more trip to fix a few in betweens I didn’t know existed and I’m good
Still 30 minutes away
I got stabbed in the teeth in the spring and got two fillings
I just got 3
Had those cavities since fuckin community college
It really is
Right you are, Mark.
"Mental Break....I wish Auron would mental break me...with his big sword" -Nyanners
Pog
I still haven't slept.
I love been up for over 28 hours aha fucking kms
Have*
Also ill be hoping on when I get back home from picking Kim up.
burgasaur
+1 social media guy
u called it
🤣 💯 🔥
Epic is giving out a free game every day from today till the 31st
free games i wont play
:FeelsAmazingMan:
what a save
pu-taap p-tenenene
pu-taap p-tenenene
pu-taap p-tenenene
man trying to constantly keep things from dying is a christmas tradition I could do without
trying to maintain a shit ton of babies you never asked for is super emotionally draining, and I cannot hope to imagine how people with human babies handle this because then it's a legitimate problem in the eyes of society if you fail
omae wa chooooooo
Magus
Maga
Magum
Magame
Magam
Magaem
Maegeum
I won't be on today or tomorrow really guys
So if we make any new plans for the DnD stuff let me know
ok
I love being stuck at a hotel in rural Wisconsin xD
wat happen 2 u
dinner brb
Yall
Prison Architect giveaway on GOG
just open GOG Galaxy and claim
yeah i dont believe in communism
ok
~~@Koala help how to glaim~~
~~nvm got~~
Ikali or Ykali
gonna make it some twist of Kali or Asura
or Vritra
Ashlynn
Ikali
Shura
Vriti
:Sadge:
:SadgeCry:
","
when you join this discord
@mannie.exe
Same
Broooo
So Sony delisted Cyberpunk on its store and is offering refunds
But also
Its no longer on the steam front store page
You have to actually search it manually to find it.
me too markov
me too
Same
yeah the playstation refund and delist is kinda insane im sure same thing is happening on steam
too many refunds
Yea its not even listed in top sellers anymore
LOL
holy shit
Dude CDPR fucked up so bad xD
Yo Mike since I'm further through the game, if you want my opinion on it for your podcast thing or whatever you're doing, hit me up @Mujin
IM OUT HERE DOIN HOT BOI SHIT
Please kill me
would bang/10
@a ghost with purpose the shadows make PERFECT sense now.
mannie join me brudda
hWAT
I'm transient, hold up.
wat
:gachiBASS:
< |    |/
   \>    \
today i said
im gonna sleep until im not tired anymore
what a fool i was
the ara ara army is recruiting
this vtuber hasnt even debuted yet and has 16k twitter followers
thats crazy
and her bio reads like some erotic fanfic written by a 17 year old
amazin
Shes also a character that Sydsnap came up with for her Hololive EN audition video IIRC
Yup
Literally Sydsnap's char
unfortunately it is not Syd doing it tho
B O R G A R
it works b/c you get numb to everything you love
also femboi is one hell of a drug ahaha
LETS GGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
dood doo
I think of this video anytime someone says lul in a deep voice
oh i want to shit
:worry:
:worryBigBrainThink:
Gamers hate me
Women want me
🦐
I'm a terrible influence on Markov
:fug:
Steam is refusing all refund requests for Cyberpunk if you have even as much as a minute over the 2 hour mark in game.
good news: headset came in even earlier than expected
bad news: the charger cable packed with it is just as short if not shorter than the spare I was using meaning using it while it's plugged up is a literal pain in the neck
;<
spare charging cables cost a bit too
does it not use the same kind of cable format? All of mine have had mini USB
yeah it's a mini usb, but all the cables I had on hand are short as fuck
and the actually long one from my last headset shorted out
oof
which was the main reason for buying a new headset, that and it wasn't holding a charge as well anymore and all the ear padding fell off, but I'm frugal and this model had a hella price jump for no reason
but I got it on sale for it's usual price from a few years back
so on the upside, I got a brand new version that fits snugly and is padded again
Is it a discontinued model?
it's a logitech HE2600 or something like that I think
H600?
that's it
